 The British economy is poised for strong growth into 2005, raising the possibility of an interest rate hike early in the new year, according to a study published Monday. 
 Yasser Arafat cannot be buried in Jerusalem, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon told his Cabinet, while affirming his pledge to let the ailing Palestinian leader return to the West Bank if he recovers. 
 Declaring Royal Dutch/Shell Group "an enemy of the Nigerian people," unions have called a Nov. 16 nationwide strike that they said would target oil exports in Africa's oil giant. 
 Sudan's government has expressed optimism on reaching a long-term political solution to crisis in its Darfur region after listening to a rebel group's proposals. 
 Militants in Afghanistan released a video showing three frightened foreign U.N. hostages pleading for their release, and threatened to kill them unless U.N. and British troops leave the country and Muslim prisoners are freed from U.S. jails. 
 Rugby fans hoping to watch the British and Irish Lions play in New Zealand next year began to stake their claims to tickets Monday under a ballot system. 
 Demonstrators burned incense and beat drums on Sunday at the ancient ruins of Teotihuacan in an effort to ward off the opening of a Wal-Mart-owned store nearby. 
 From the deserts of the south and west to the outskirts of Baghdad, Iraq is awash in weapons sites _ some large, others small; some guarded, others not. Even after the U.S. military secured some 400,000 tons of munitions, as many as 250,000 tons remain unaccounted for. 
 Arms experts say there are scores of weapons sites across Iraq. Key sites include: 
 The U.S. dollar was trading at 105.78 yen on the Tokyo foreign exchange market at 9 a.m. (0000 GMT) Monday, down 0.08 yen from late Friday. 
 For years, Leon Lim did not want to talk about what he saw in the killing fields of Cambodia. He wanted to focus on his new life in America, not the torture endured under the Khmer Rouge and the loved ones lost. 
 After losing by 1,641 votes in one of the country's tightest House races two years ago, Utah Republican John Swallow reacted the way lots of people would. 
 Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych led the high-tension presidential race in this post-Soviet republic with about 48 percent of the vote, not enough for a first-round victory, the Central Elections Commission said early Monday. 
 In treating ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat and with two French reporters held hostage in Iraq, France is being thrust back into the thick of Middle East politics _ even though it stayed on the sidelines during the Iraq war. 
 Jiri Novak's patience finally paid off. 
 Barcelona and Valencia get second chances against two troublesome Italian clubs this week in the Champions League. 
 Only in Washington: Republicans need 50 seats to retain control of the Senate in Tuesday's elections, but Democrats must have 51 to take it away. 
 An angry mob looted and burned five nightclubs in a southern mountain town after the death of a man who fought with a club guard, police said. 
 If attorneys for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Spokane do not reach a settlement with dozens of alleged victims of clergy sex abuse, the diocese may be forced to declare bankruptcy, the bishop said. 
 Marxist rebels freed four hostages whom they had held in the jungle for as long as three years and four months, relatives of the former captives said. 
 The U.N. war crimes tribunal was to rule Monday on Slobodan Milosevic's appeal to once again act as his own defense lawyer following his court-appointed British attorney's decision to quit. 
 Two moderate earthquakes rattled an area in northern Japan still recovering from last month's magnitude 6.8 earthquake, the Meteorological Agency said Monday. 
 Yasser Arafat telephoned colleagues in the West Bank, read telegrams from well-wishing world leaders, ate cereal and sipped tea, his aides said _ signs that the Palestinian leader's health may be on the upswing following three days of urgent treatment for an undisclosed illness at a French military hospital. 
 A brigade of fresh U.S. troops arriving in Baghdad will push the total U.S. troop presence in the Iraqi capital to around 40,000 by Monday, as planners prepare for the coming assault on insurgent hotspots to the west and the Iraqi elections in January. 
 Animal handlers agonized over the issue for more than a year: the wisdom of moving Alaska's only elephant away from the only home she has ever known. 
 Gold opened at US$430.05 an ounce on Monday in Hong Kong, up US$4.30 an ounce from Friday's close of US$425.75. 
 New Zealand's cricket squad will lack top-class fast bowlers when they face world champions Australia this month. 
 Voter turnout is likely to be higher than in recent presidential elections _ especially among young voters _ in a very close race, weekend polls suggest. 
 Iraq's interim prime minister warned that efforts to resolve the standoff in Fallujah peacefully have entered their "final phase" and that his patience is running short before launching "a military solution" to Sunni insurgents' hold over the city. 
 Guatemalan painter, sculptor and writer Marco Augusto Quiroa, an outspoken socialist who drew on a working-class background in his art, has died. He was 67. 
 The price of crude vaulted above the US$52 mark Monday on news that a strike in Nigeria could affect output in the world's seventh-largest oil exporter, while traders looked for signs of how this week's U.S. presidential election would affect the market. 
 Tokyo fell Monday morning after a weak performance on Wall Street Friday. The U.S. dollar was up against the Japanese yen. 
 President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva was handed big defeats in a major test of his ruling party's influence, but analysts predicted Brazil's first elected leftist leader would not suffer long-term political damage. 
 Hundreds of people paid their last respects to a top Hong Kong gangster under the watchful eye of about 200 police officers, a newspaper reported Monday. 
 Unions declared the top oil multinational here, Royal Dutch/Shell, "an enemy of the Nigerian people" and called a Nov. 16 nationwide strike that they said would target oil exports in Africa's oil giant. 
 Tabare Vazquez, a cancer specialist and socialist opposition leader, won Uruguay's presidential election in a historic shift to the left that put this South American country politically closer to many of its neighbors. 
 In the closing hours of their bitter campaign, President George W. Bush and challenger Sen. John Kerry charged through the critical battlegrounds of Florida and Ohio, going from hushed church services to raucous campaign rallies with promises to keep America safe. 
 On the eve of the U.S. presidential election, China accused President George W. Bush of trying to "rule over the whole world," saying the invasion of Iraq destroyed the global anti-terrorism coalition and worsened religious and ethnic conflicts. 
 Japanese troops in southern Iraq are investigating a large blast that was heard overnight near their base but that caused no injuries, officials said Monday. 
 Communist rebels attacked a remote mountain village in northwestern Nepal, bombing the police station, court house and a government building, officials said Monday. 
 Washington had stopped sharing secrets with staunch ally Australia during the Cold War because Americans worried that Canberra was leaking classified information to the Soviet Union, a former government official said. 
 China needs to do more to control spending on construction, factories and other "fixed assets" to curb growth and cool inflation, state media reported Monday, citing top government officials. 
 Martial law has been imposed on a town in central China after rioting between hundreds of members of the Han ethnic majority and Hui Muslims killed at least seven people, local residents said Monday. 
 Prime Minister John Howard came under fire Monday after publicly supporting U.S. President George W. Bush for re-election, with the Democrats calling his endorsement "inappropriate." 
 Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych led the high-tension presidential race in this post-Soviet republic with about 43 percent of the vote, too little to clinch a first-round victory, the Central Elections Commission said early Monday. 
 A senior Tamil Tiger rebel leader was scheduled to meet a top Japanese peace envoy Monday after returning from discussions with officials in Europe on how to revive the insurgents' peace talks with the Sri Lankan government, officials said. 
 Norway's King Harald and Queen Sonja received an official welcome to Vietnam on Monday during their first state visit to the communist country. 
 Candidates backed by President Hugo Chavez swept all but two of 23 governorships in Sunday's regional elections, but opposition incumbents in two key states were re-elected, according to preliminary results announced by elections authorities. 
 Thailand's revered king has urged a "gentle approach" to ending violence in the country's Muslim-dominated south where at least 85 people died at the hands of government forces last week, the prime minister said Monday. 
 South Korea's navy fired warning shots Monday after three North Korean patrol boats entered waters controlled by the South, the military said. 
 Makybe Diva, named after five women working in a South Australian tuna factory, will try to become the first mare in the 133-year history of the Melbourne Cup to win the race twice. 
 South Korea's navy fired warning shots Monday after North Korean patrol boats entered waters controlled by the South, the military said. 
 Australian terror suspect David Hicks is "teetering on the edge" of insanity because of his long stretches in solitary confinement at the U.S. naval base in Guantanamo Bay, his father said Monday after receiving a letter from the captive. 
 President Hugo Chavez vowed to push forward with his left-leaning "revolution" on Monday, hours after pro-government candidates swept all but two of 23 governorships in regional elections, according to preliminary results announced by elections authorities. 
 Japan and South Korea opened a new round of free trade talks Monday as nearly 150 labor union members from the two countries clashed with police during a demonstration to oppose the deal. 
 The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues closed at 10,734.71 points on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Monday, down 36.71 points, or 0.34 percent, from Friday. 
 One U.S. Marine was killed and four others wounded when a bomb exploded in the central Iraqi city of Ramadi, the U.S. military said Monday. 
 Canada's embassy in Sri Lanka reopened Monday a week after it closed due to an anthrax scare prompted when white powder was discovered in the passport of a Buddhist monk, an official said. 
 The brother of notorious serial killer Ivan Milat _ convicted of murdering seven young backpackers _ says he believes his disgraced sibling lacked any conscience from a very young age. 
 Pakistan's prime minister departed Monday on a mission to promote regional cooperation in South Asia, starting a four-day tour of Nepal, Bhutan and Bangladesh, officials said. 
 California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger will travel to Texas later this month to receive a public service award from former U.S. President George H.W. Bush, officials say. 
 Better known for fetching multimillion bids for Monets, van Goghs and Picassos, U.S.-based auction house Sotheby's now counts among its sales the work of a Hong Kong graffiti painter in his 80s, a Sotheby's spokeswoman said Monday. 
 Gold bullion opened Monday at a bid price of US$428.70 a troy ounce, up from US$426.00 late Friday. 
 Several explosions were heard Monday in Baghdad. 
 People who drop litter face instant 50-pound (US$92; euro72) fines under new police powers that come into effect in Britain on Monday, the Home Office said. 
 Former Malaysian Deputy Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim on Monday warned southern Thailand risked becoming a flashpoint for Islamic extremism, after 85 Muslims died there last week in a confrontation with the army. 
 President Robert Mugabe's government plans to appeal the acquittal earlier this month of opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai on capital charges of treason, acting attorney general Bharat Patel has told a state-controlled newspaper. 
 A Thai court sentenced a British man to death and another to 33 1/2 years in prison on Monday after they were found in possession of drugs including heroin, methamphetamines and ecstasy. 
 Captain Sourav Ganguly did not venture to the Indian cricket squad's nets Monday after ruling himself out of this week's fourth and final test match against Australia. 
 A brigade of fresh American troops arriving in Baghdad will push the total U.S. military presence in Iraq to around 142,000, the highest level since the summer of 2003, as planners prepare for an expected assault on insurgent hotspots ahead of Iraqi elections. 
 Gold closed at US$428.95 an ounce on Monday in Hong Kong, up US$3.20 an ounce from Friday's close of US$425.75. 
 Sudanese Vice President Ali Osman Taha will meet southern rebel leader John Garang next month to work out final details of how to implement a comprehensive deal to end a 21-year civil war in the country, the chief mediator said Monday. 
 Dozens of additional Rwandan troops left for Sudan's troubled Darfur region Monday to reinforce a tiny, but growing, African force widely seen as the main hope to stabilizing the area, a defense spokesman said. 
 Russian President Vladimir Putin on Monday pushed for passing a United Nations convention on combatting nuclear terrorism, saying that the document should help coordinate global efforts to prevent mass destruction weapons from falling into terrorists' hands. 
 Canny consumers who regularly switch between credit card companies to take advantage of interest-free offers are costing the industry 1 billion pounds (US$1.8 billion; euro1.4 billion) a year in lost revenue, according to a survey published Monday. 
 Pakistani Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz arrived in Nepal on Monday for a two-day official visit to this Himalayan kingdom to discuss regional and bilateral issues. 
 The Dutch computer services company Getronics NV said Monday it will offer euro338 million (US$433.1 million) in cash and stock for its smaller Dutch peer PinkRoccade NV. 
 Customs officials have seized 8.5 metric tons (9.3 tons) of acetic anhydride, a substance used in refining heroin, the Bulgarian customs agency said Monday. 
 An Iraqi freelance television cameraman was killed Monday while filming clashes between U.S. troops and insurgents in a city west of Baghdad, police and hospital officials said. 
 Widening the growing global Anglican rift over homosexuality, Anglican bishops in Africa said Monday they would stop theological training of African clergy in Western institutions. 
 China's biggest petroleum company plans to demand compensation from OAO Yukos for losses resulting from the Russian oil giant's suspension of crude shipments, state media reported Monday. 
 With increasing signs that bird flu is becoming established in Asia and a shortage of flu vaccine in America, health officials from several nations and more than a dozen vaccine companies plan to meet this month for an unprecedented summit to tackle the issue. 
 The government has ordered most of the suspects jailed over the Madrid terror bombings to be dispersed in prisons around Spain as part of a plan to prevent Islamic radicals from recruiting behind bars, a newspaper said Monday. 
 Australia should be at full strength for the first time in this series with the return of Ricky Ponting for the fourth test at Bombay, which could add to India's woes after conceding the series last week. 
 Listeners to state-run radio got a surprise Monday when part of a top-level security meeting was accidentally broadcast live, as officials discussed plans to win the release of a Filipino hostage in Afghanistan. 
 A Palestinian suicide bomber blew himself up in a crowded outdoor market in central Tel Aviv on Monday, killing four people and wounding 32, medics and police said. 
 Wolves manager Dave Jones was dismissed Monday with the relegated club struggling near the bottom of former division one. 
 Relatives of 11 tribesmen killed in a mortar attack were given compensation Monday by a top Pakistani general who is leading the hunt for Islamic militants near the Afghan border. 
 Asian stock markets closed generally higher Monday, but prices slipped in Tokyo on the back of the recent strength of the Japanese currency. 
 The Dutch telecommunications company Royal KPN NV said Monday that net profit more than doubled in the third quarter while sales dipped slightly from the same period a year ago. 
 A man allegedly broke in to a house in western Japan with the intention of robbing it, but was so drunk that he fell asleep in his victim's home without stealing a thing, police said Monday. 
 Pakistan's Senate passed a bill Monday allowing President Gen. Pervez Musharraf to remain as army chief, despite the military leader's earlier promise to rule as a civilian by the year's end. 
 A legal fight brewing between doughnut maker Krispy Kreme and a seasonal ice cream stand could be called "Kreme vs. Kream." 
 With prosecutors wrapping up a probe into a doping scandal that disgraced Greece's two top sprinters, former Olympic champion Costas Kenteris insisted he never tried to evade drug testers and would welcome a chance to clear his name in court. 
 The Venice Beach boardwalk is known around the world for funk, freedom and free enterprise. 
 Heavy clashes between U.S. troops and insurgents on Monday left at least two dead in Ramadi, according to hospital officials and police. 
 Pope John Paul II offered a special prayer Monday for all victims of terrorism and for their families and appealed for peace for the world. 
 Jordan's population grew by 28 percent over the past decade to reach nearly 5.3 million this year, the director general of the Statistics Department said Monday. 
 The New York Mercantile Exchange opened its first overseas trading floor in oil futures Monday in a direct challenge to its main London-based rival, the International Petroleum Exchange. 
 Russia's Gazprom natural gas monopoly said Monday that the chief executive of a state oil company it is set to absorb would retain his job. 
 Toyota Motor Corp. reported a slight dip in earnings in the second fiscal quarter but marked a record profit for the first fiscal half Monday, as sales growth in North America, Europe and Japan offset losses from an unfavorable exchange rate. 
 Pakistan cricket selectors dropped out-of-form opener Yasir Hameed from the squad for this month's limited-overs international against India at Calcutta's Eden Gardens. 
 Police are investigating the theft of a collection of medieval Chinese jewelry from the British Museum last week, possibly during public viewing hours, officers said Monday. 
 Coalition troops in central Iraq exchanged fire with insurgents after coming under mortar attack, but the fighting ended without casualties or damage, a Polish military spokesman said Monday. 
 Global stability and prosperity cannot be achieved unless development issues in Africa are resolved with help from the international community, Japan's prime minister said Monday. 
 Four Bahrainis pleaded innocent Monday to plotting attacks on targets in the Gulf island kingdom and to having contacts with foreign terrorist organizations, then stood in stunned silence when judges allowed them to go home to their families until their next court appearance. 
 Former England striker Stan Collymore says he was beaten up by six rugby union players after one of them racially abused him at a night club. 
 It's official _ Swiss cheese is the best in the world. 
 The top official in a southern state that's home to India's technology hub promised Monday to improve Bangalore's battered infrastructure, making life easier for the hundreds of American and European companies with offices in the city. 
 Hong Kong leader Tung Chee-hwa on Monday rejected an opposition proposal for a referendum on whether direct elections should be introduced to choose the Chinese territory's leader and all of its lawmakers. 
 An envoy for Europe's largest security organization on Monday expressed regret after Uzbek authorities barred opposition parties from upcoming parliamentary elections. 
 The president of Kyrgyzstan made an official visit to Greece Monday in an effort to further relations and cooperation between the two countries. 
 Political parties from the minority Tutsis said Monday they will temporarily back the interim constitution that came into force Monday, but the government must reopen talks on the disputed charter before a referendum later this month. 
 Iraq's elections will go ahead at the end of January, despite continuing insurgent attacks that claimed the life Monday of Baghdad's deputy governor, Australian Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said. 
 International Olympic Committee president Jacques Rogge expressed confidence Monday in Beijing's decision to scale back Olympic construction, saying plans for a "frugal Olympics" wouldn't interfere with holding the 2008 Summer Games. 
 DNA tests soon may solve a century-old mystery _ whether a skull kept at a foundation in Salzburg is part of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's remains. 
 The opposition Labor Party, which backs a planned Gaza withdrawal, threatened Monday to vote against the 2005 state budget, a move that could bring down Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's coalition before the pullout begins. 
 Andre Agassi and David Nalbandian both pulled out of the Paris Masters, organizers said Monday, meaning neither will play in the season ending Masters Cup. 
 Violent clashes in a village in central China killed seven people and injured 42, the government said late Monday in its first official announcement on the fighting. 
 Police said Monday they were searching for a man who brutally abused at least three horses, including one that suffered injuries so severe it had to be destroyed. 
 Finnish escalator and elevator maker Kone Corp. said Monday it has completed plans to split the company into two different firms. 
 Gunmen killed the deputy governor of Baghdad on Monday on his way to work, Iraqi officials said. 
 Swiss President Joseph Deiss was optimistic Monday his country will approve EU legislation allowing free travel through his country without border checks by 2007. 
 U.S. automotive company BorgWarner Inc. said Monday it is taking over German supplier Beru AG in a deal valued at about euro621 million (US$796 million) that it hopes will strengthen its position with global automakers. 
 More and more British nurses are taking up jobs in the United States, undercutting efforts to boost their numbers here, the Royal College of Nursing said Monday. 
 Police in western China beat one man to death during a rally attended by tens of thousands of people to protest the building of a massive dam that will force them from their homes, a newspaper and residents said Monday. 
 Computers used by the International Atomic Energy Agency to track, analyze and verify countries' atomic activities are badly outdated and urgently need upgrading, the U.N. nuclear watchdog said. 
 A prominent group of foreign observers said Monday that Ukraine's presidential election did not meet European standards for democracy. 
 Hertha Berlin's German international defender Arne Friedrich will be out of action for up to four weeks after twisting his left knee and slightly damaging his ligaments, the club said Monday. 
 Spanish league leader FC Barcelona is nursing a couple of wounds _ and perhaps an inferiority complex _ as it prepares to host AC Milan Tuesday and try to avenge a 1-0 loss from two weeks ago in the Champions League. 
 Pakistan captain Inzamam-ul-Haq praised his backup bowlers after a six-wicket win over Sri Lanka on Monday to finish the five-day test series 1-1. 
 Citigroup Inc. said Monday it has filed a detailed response in an Italian bankruptcy court aimed at refuting what it called "baseless allegations" by the government-appointed administrator of Parmalat SpA about what led to the dairy company's collapse in a giant fraud scandal. 
 German goalkeeper Bert Trautmann, a former POW who became a fan favorite at Manchester City and famously played out the 1956 FA Cup final with a broken neck, was honored by Britain Monday for his work to improve British-German relations. 
 A militant group threatening to kill three foreign hostages said Monday it was ready to negotiate with a United Nations envoy, but warned that any rescue attempt would end in bloodshed and stuck to a demand that the world body withdraw from Afghanistan and that America release Guantanamo prisoners. 
 Sri Lankan captain Marvan Atapattu was disappointed to lose the toss as Pakistan recorded a six-wicket win in the second test and leveled the two-match series Monday. 
 Police on Monday discovered the body of a young Iraqi woman hacked to bits and wrapped in a carpet inside an Athens apartment. 
 A protracted strike by nearly 7,000 workers at a textile mill in northern China has ended after the factory's Hong Kong managers agreed to improve employment conditions, a labor monitoring group said Monday. 
 Sri Lankan batsman Kumar Sangakkara was fined 30 per cent of his match fee Monday after he was found guilty of violating the International Cricket Council's code of conduct during the second test against Pakistan. 
 Rescue workers pulled a 22-month-old boy to safety Monday morning after he was trapped for 13 hours in an abandoned well. 
 A decision on whether Sweden will slash its alcohol taxes by some 40 percent is expected in early spring, Sweden's recently appointed finance minister Paer Nuder said Monday. 
 A storm is brewing within Inter Milan. 
 Some 12,000 households and offices were left without phone connection after a fire destroyed a telephone exchange in northeastern Czech Republic, police said Monday. 
 Franz Beckenbauer, a former German star who is now the president of the 2006 World Cup organizing committee, bruised his ribs and hip in an accident at home, FIFA spokesman Markus Siegler said Monday. 
 From his hospital bed, Yasser Arafat on Tuesday condemned a suicide bombing in a Tel Aviv market that killed three Israelis and wounded 32 others. 
 A roadside bomb detonated near a joint U.S.-Iraq convoy Monday in western Baghad, injuring at least four people, hospital officials said. 
 Afghan army and police fought a gunbattle in southern Afghanistan on Monday, leaving several casualties and prompting U.S. forces to step in to restore order, police and witnesses said. 
 Suspected separatist rebels lobbed a grenade at a paramilitary vehicle but missed, causing an explosion that wounded 21 people outside a mosque after Ramadan prayers, an officer said. 
 A group of Arab intellectuals wants some prominent Muslim clerics known for inflammatory views tried by an international court on charges of encouraging terrorism, their U.S.-based spokesman said Monday, arguing that their governments haven't acted strongly enough against them. 
 The price of crude vaulted above the US$52 mark Monday on news that a strike in Nigeria could affect output in the world's seventh-largest oil exporter, while traders looked for signs of how this week's U.S. presidential election would affect the market. 
 An all-party forum to discuss Sri Lanka's stalled peace process faltered on its first day Monday when three main opposition parties, including one considered a proxy for the Tamil Tiger rebels, boycotted the event. 
 Sri Lanka's government on Monday promised the family of a truck driver held hostage by Iraqi militants that it will do all it can to secure his release. 
 A military assault is the wrong way to end the insurgency in Fallujah and a bloodbath is exactly what Saddam Hussein followers and foreign fighters want, Iraq's Interim President Ghazi al-Yawer was quoted as saying in an interview published Monday. 
 Aerospace and high-tech manufacturer Honeywell International Inc. will hire 1,000 software programmers and invest US$10 million (euro 7.85 million) in India over the next 12 months, an company official said Monday. 
 The country's three oil refineries were partly operating Sunday, a day after a power failure that affected most of Kuwait forced their shutdown. 
 Tabare Vazquez, a former mayor of the capital, won Uruguay's presidential election, becoming the nation's first leftist leader and strengthening a regional shift toward left-leaning governments. 
 Pierce Brosnan, the actor who has played British agent James Bond in the last four "007" films, says he thinks fellow Irishman Colin Farrell would be his ideal successor. 
 Tajik authorities on Monday detained a former Russian serviceman on suspicion of drug dealing, an official said. 
 Industrial conglomerate Tyco International Ltd. swung to a fourth-quarter profit on a double-digit jump in sales and on lower one-time charges compared to the year-ago quarter. 
 A Japanese peace envoy met with Tamil Tiger rebels on Monday and pushed for the resumption of stalled peace talks with the Sri Lankan government, the guerillas said. 
 Thousands of people in eastern Uzbekistan protested new trade restrictions on Monday in a rare expression of public discontent in the tightly controlled Central Asian country, a rights activist said. 
 Airbus SAS plans to set up an engineering center in China next year to focus on new generation jets for the mainland's fast-growing aviation market, the French aircraft maker said Monday. 
 Germany's finance minister conceded Monday that a tax amnesty program has brought in far less money than expected and appealed to tax evaders to take the chance to settle their bills. 
 The first group of Iraqi officers to begin security training under the auspices of NATO started their work Monday at the alliance's elite training center in western Norway. 
 Heavy rain sent water as much as 8 feet (2.4 meters) deep rushing through the University of Hawaii's main research library, destroying irreplaceable documents and books, toppling doors and walls and forcing a few students to break a window to escape. 
 Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi arrived in Jordan on Monday for talks on closer economic and political cooperation between the Mideast neighbors. 
 A shooting in a Sarajevo streetcar Monday left one person dead and two wounded, police said. 
 Arsenal is in a slump. It started two weeks ago with a 2-2 draw at Panathinaikos, and the Gunners hope it ends Tuesday at Highbury against the same Greek side. 
 Ugandan helicopter gunships and ground troops attacked dozens of rebels hiding near a remote village in northern Uganda, killing 16 insurgents and capturing one, an army spokesman said Monday. 
 The British government on Monday published a guide to the European Union and its first-ever constitution, as it tried to win over a skeptical public. 
 A witness testifying Monday in the trial of the alleged assassins of Prime Minister Zoran Djindjic said video surveillance had been switched off at Serbia's government headquarters at the time of the killing. 
 Ashlyn Blocker's parents and kindergarten teachers all describe her the same way: fearless. So they nervously watch her plunge full-tilt into a childhood deprived of natural alarms. 
 President Festus Mogae was assured of a second term in power Monday as returns from Saturday's election showed his governing Botswana Democratic Party took an overwhelming majority in Parliament. 
 Draw Monday for the Confederations Cup, June 15-29, 2005 in Germany: 
 Flamengo fired coach Ricardo Gomes on Monday, two days after the team lost to Juventude and slipped closer to relegation to the second division. 
 Police battled crowds of Muslim demonstrators Monday, one day after a young protester was killed trying to stop the arrest of a religious leader in this southern city, police said. At least 10 people were injured, some of them police officers. 
 The Supreme Court said Monday it will decide whether local governments can be sued for failing to enforce restraining orders, using the case of a Colorado mother whose three daughters were killed by their father. 
 Royal Dutch/Shell Group of Cos., Exxon Mobil Corp. and the Dutch government struck a deal Monday giving the Netherlands _ the third-largest gas producer in Europe _ more control of the Dutch gas company Gasunie. 
 Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych and his reformist challenger in Ukraine's presidential election were less than a percentage point apart with nearly all the votes counted, forcing a runoff, the Central Election Commission said Monday. 
 Assisted suicide advocate Jack Kevorkian lost a Supreme Court appeal on Monday in his bid to win freedom after five years in prison. 
 U.S. consumers, who substantially slowed down their spending in late summer, roared back to life in September, boosting their purchases by 0.6 percent. The gain in spending reported Monday by the government far outpaced the increase in incomes. 
 A man angry with fathering no sons stabbed four of his seven daughters to death as they slept and seriously wounded the other three in southern Egypt on Monday, police said. 
 Some 17,000 clerks from local government officers were providing only limited services Monday in an effort to win higher wages _ an action that could disrupt upcoming presidential and parliamentary elections. 
 Results of recent polls on the presidential race. Listed above each set of results is the name of the organization that conducted the poll, the dates, the number interviewed, whether they were adults, registered voters (RV) or likely voters (LV) and the margin of error (MoE). Results might not total 100 percent because of rounding. 
 Algerians marked the 50th anniversary of the start of their war for independence from France with a cannon salute and fireworks on Monday. 
 A Romanian judge faces disciplinary action after being accused of starring in an X-rated video, officials said Monday. 
 Some 200 radical Islamic activists rallied Monday in Pakistan's portion of Kashmir to protest President Gen. Pervez Musharraf's suggested solutions to a dispute with India over the Himalayan region. 
 A lawyer said Monday he has asked for the lifting of diplomatic immunity from U.N. refugee chief Ruud Lubbers so one of the former Dutch prime minister's employees can file a lawsuit against him for sexual harassment. 
 Oracle Corp. sweetened its hostile bid for rival business software maker PeopleSoft Inc. to $9.2 billion (euro7.22 billion) Monday, a 14 percent increase aimed at resolving the long-running takeover battle between the bitter foes. 
 As Americans head to the polls Tuesday, U.S. Marines squaring off against Iraq's rebels expect more fighting no matter who wins the White House. What they want is better equipment, more pay and above all a clear exit strategy from their next commander in chief. 
 Militants attacked U.S. troops patrolling in southeastern Afghanistan Monday, killing one American soldier and injuring two more with gunfire and rockets, the military said. 
 The monounsaturated fat in olive oil may reduce the chances of suffering coronary heart disease, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration said Monday, opening the door to revised food labels. 
 Soccer players are used to being taunted by opposing fans and players _ not by the referee. 
 Activity in the manufacturing sector in the United States grew in October for the 17th straight month, but at a slower pace than the previous month, the Institute for Supply Management reported Monday. 
 Arsenal is in a slump. It started two weeks ago with a 2-2 draw at Panathinaikos, and the Gunners hope it ends Tuesday at Highbury against the same Greek side. 
 Latvian police on Monday discovered the body of an American missionary who had been killed in his Riga apartment. 
 Olympic champion Argentina will kick off next year's Confederations Cup, the dress rehearsal for the 2006 World Cup, against African champion Tunisia, according to Monday's draw. 
 Maasai tribal officials vowed Monday to fight against an environmental protection plan they said was being pushed by Kenya's flower-growing farmers despite hurting local herdsmen. 
 Slobodan Milosevic can once again lead his own defense at the U.N. war crimes tribunal but must accept a standby lawyer in case he becomes too ill to continue, appeals judges ruled Monday. 
 Paris St. Germain striker Pedro Pauleta Monday said he would settle for a draw with defending champion FC Porto in their upcoming Group H Champions League game. 
 Russian tax authorities slapped oil giant Yukos and its main production unit with two new tax claims, raising the company's total bill to more than US$17.6 billion (euro13.9 billion), the Interfax news agency reported Monday. The move likely brings the sale of the unit a step closer. 
 Senior Indian officials and bankers met Monday to discuss how to restart a power plant built by bankrupt U.S. energy company Enron Corp., which has been shut for three years, a news report said. 
 A father who tried to save his drunken son by wrestling him off a railway line was killed when the pair were struck by a train, an inquest found Monday. 
 The speaker of Georgia's parliament accused Moscow on Monday of applying double standards on the subject of separatism, and urged Russian officials to "move from words to deeds" in mediating talks with Georgia's breakaway regions. 
 Militants threatening to kill three foreign U.N. workers abducted in Afghanistan said Monday they had split them up to thwart any rescue attempt, warning that a raid on their hideouts would end in bloodshed. 
 Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger is tired of talking about his team's 2-0 loss to Manchester United eight days ago. Reds counterpart Alex Ferguson won't let the subject go. 
 President Gen. Pervez Musharraf on Monday expressed hope that Pakistan and India will enjoy peaceful ties in the future, and find a resolution to their dispute over Kashmir that doesn't "humiliate" either side. 
 Chadian authorities have imposed a curfew at a town near a key oilfield after a dispute between a local resident and a trader from a neighboring community sparked off widespread fighting in which 12 people were killed and 15 others wounded, officials said Monday. 
 A Republican redistricting of Texas and the advantage of incumbency virtually assure that Republicans will continue to run the House of Representatives in 2005, but large numbers of new voters and a heavy turnout could still produce surprises Tuesday. 
 Turkish police have arrested three Kurdish rebels who admitted to carrying out a bomb attack that injured 13 people during a pop concert, a police official said Monday. 
 Share prices on the London Stock Exchange rose 1.07 percent Monday. 
 Stocks rose slightly Monday as pre-election jitters kept Wall Street off-balance and investors sorted through a mix of economic data. The market also welcomed falling oil prices that sent crude futures below $50 per barrel. 
 The U.N. envoy for Liberia on Monday put the death toll in a surprise burst of mob violence in Liberia's capital last week at 16, and U.N. forces gathered religious and ethnic leaders for urgent talks to restore goodwill. 
 Thousands of Jewish settlers and supporters held a massive prayer service in downtown Jerusalem on Monday seeking divine intervention to stop Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip and part of the West Bank. 
 Seemingly unfazed by a U.S. warning, residents of Europe's Nordic and Baltic countries paid little heed Monday to vague threats about a possible terror attack against Americans in the region. 
 A Turkish man sought by U.S. authorities on bank fraud was found and detained in Costa Rica, Interpol announced here Monday. 
 A former money fund manager was sentenced to 7 1/2 years in prison Monday and ordered to pay $5 million (euro3.9 million) restitution for defrauding the state retirement system and looting his own investment company. 
 Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger is tired of talking about his team's 2-0 loss to Manchester United eight days ago. Reds counterpart Alex Ferguson won't let the subject go. 
 Oil giant Royal Dutch/Shell Group opened court action Monday following announcement of a general strike targeting crude exports in the world's No. 7 oil exporter _ but failed to win an interim injunction against oil workers and unions. 
 Saudi police have arrested three suspected militants in possession of weapons and ammunition as part of the ongoing crackdown on Islamic extremists in the kingdom, an Interior Ministry statement said. 
 Scotland's Scott Drummond has been named the PGA European Tour's rookie of the year. 
 He defines himself as a fighter, someone who sets goals and battles until they are achieved. 
 European stocks ended higher Monday, as investors welcomed a late pullback in the oil price and heavyweight mining stocks rebounded from last week's losses. 
 Ian Rush could be the next Wales manager. 
 A former Gambian attorney general was sworn in Monday as deputy prosecutor at the International Criminal Court. 
 Elfriede Jelinek, the Austrian novelist, playwright and poet who won this year's Nobel prize for literature was awarded a prestigious Czech literary prize on Monday. 
 The Workers Party of President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva on Monday licked its wounds after election losses in key cities but looked ahead to 2006 _ and a possible second term for Silva. 
 From corruption kingpin to savior _ opponents and supporters have bestowed many labels on Pedro Rossello since he left the governor's mansion in Puerto Rico four years ago. 
 The largest U.S. defense contractor will take a $110 million (euro86.29 million) charge against its fourth quarter earnings after losing a court bid to salvage at least some of the money it pumped into a failed nuclear waste cleanup project in eastern Idaho. 
 The West African nation of Mauritania denied torture allegations Monday after Al-Jazeera television aired photos of bound, bedraggled prisoners allegedly jailed here. 
 A popular Web site that predicts the outcome of the U.S. presidential election based on polling data projects a victory for Democratic challenger John Kerry. 
 Google Inc. had some IPO coattails after all. 
 French Finance Minister Nicolas Sarkozy on Monday visited Budapest's Holocaust museum at the beginning of a two-day trip to Hungary. 
 A top Chechen rebel envoy disavowed a statement by wanted warlord Shamil Basayev, saying that Basayev was "naive" to think terror attacks would force a political solution to the war-ravaged republic's problems. 
 The sole television station in the breakaway Georgian region of Abkhazia resumed broadcasting late Monday after being ordered off the air by officials amid the turmoil following last month's presidential election and this weekend's contradictory court rulings. 
 Fidel Castro's older brother Ramon said Monday that his younger sibling is recovering nicely after shattering a kneecap and breaking an arm in an accidental fall, and emphasized their family has always enjoyed good health and longevity. 
 The combination of radiation and chemotherapy being given to Chief Justice William Rehnquist may be an indication that his thyroid cancer is an aggressive type, according to cancer experts. 
 He arrived as "Berti McVogts", the anticipated savior of Scottish soccer. 
 Delta Air Lines Inc.'s pilots started voting Monday on a union contract proposal that would cut their salaries by nearly a third, while the company announced it secured another $500 million (euro392 million) in financing to help the ailing airline stave off bankruptcy. 
 Sudan's president appealed to rebels in conflict-torn Darfur on Monday to work with his government to end a 20-month conflict that has killed thousands. 
 Venezuela's Hugo Chavez seems to have everything a president could wish for: windfall oil revenues to beef up the national budget and increase government spending, a legislature dominated by his ruling party and political allies who now control all but two of the country's 23 governorships. 
 Bolton midfielder Khalilou Fadiga, who collapsed on the field before a League Cup game against Tottenham, has had an automatic defibrillator implanted in his heart and may yet resume his career, his agent said on Monday. 
 Former Chelsea striker Gianfranco Zola, who played seven years in the English Premier League, was presented with the Order of the British Empire for his "inspiration" and being an "ambassador of football." 
 To make sure nobody missed its big change from a broadsheet to a tabloid, The Times of London told readers about it on the front page. 
 The U.S. dollar was higher against other major currencies in European trading Monday. Gold prices also rose. 
 Britain's two largest international bookmakers said bets on the U.S. presidential election continued to pour in Monday night, with George W. Bush favored to beat John Kerry. 
 China's vice-president will visit Nigeria for three days later this month to discuss possible investments in Africa's top oil producer, officials said Monday. 
 The U.S. Supreme Court allowed a new trial to proceed Monday for a black man sentenced to death 18 years ago in a case in which prosecutors improperly restricted opportunities for blacks to serve on his jury. 
 The U.S. Virgin Islands' nonvoting delegate to the U.S. Congress is seeking her fifth two-year term Tuesday in an election focused on debate over how to deal with US$1 billion in debt hanging over the islands' government. 
 A television talk show host's treason trial could begin this week after he spent more than two years waiting in a Guyana jail cell, a judge said Monday. 
 The former chief executives of the Lincoln Park dog track and its British parent company, Wembley PLC, entered another round of innocent pleas Monday, as they were indicted again on charges connected to an alleged bribery scheme. 
 Having played only four matches on the ATP tour, every one is big to French teenager Gael Monfils. Coming off a victory over Thomas Enqvist on Monday in the first round of the Paris Masters, Monfils will get his biggest test yet next _ Lleyton Hewitt. 
 1. Vijay Singh, Fiji, 14.14 average points. 
 A shaft in a coal mine in northern Turkey collapsed Monday, injuring three workers and trapping another, the Anatolia news agency reported. 
 Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist disclosed Monday that he is undergoing chemotherapy and radiation treatment for thyroid cancer, signs he has a grave form of the disease and probably will not return to the bench soon. 
 Gunmen stormed the compound of a Saudi company Monday and seized an American, a Nepalese and four Iraqi guards after a gunbattle in which two people were killed, the Interior Ministry and police said. 
 1. Lindsay Davenport, United States, 4,546 points 
 Gold for current delivery closed at $427.30 per troy ounce Monday on the New York Mercantile Exchange, down from $428.50 late Friday. 
 Antigua and Barbuda celebrated its 23rd anniversary of independence from Britain on Monday honoring distinguished people in the Caribbean including West Indies cricket captain Brian Lara. 
 The stock market closed. 
 Uruguayan voters strengthened South America's political tilt to the left, electing their first leftist president out of disenchantment with U.S.-backed free-market policies and recent economic upheaval. 
 Novelist Dan Brown, author of the multimillion-selling book "The Da Vinci Code," is sharing some of his wealth with his old high school: Phillips Exeter Academy. 
 Shares of Merck & Co. plunged more than 10 percent Monday after a media report said that documents show the pharmaceutical giant hid or denied evidence for years that its blockbuster arthritis drug Vioxx cause heart problems. 
 The State Department will ask with the Chinese government about comments by a former senior Chinese official who accused President George W. Bush of trying to "rule over the whole world." 
 Argentina announced it had filed a proposal Monday before the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission to restructure US$81.8 billion (euro64 billion) in defaulted public debt. 
 Two years ago, President George W. Bush's political team spelled out his re-election agenda in a secret, one-page memo that began, "War on terrorism (Con't)." Democratic Sen. John Kerry reluctantly voted to give Bush authority to invade Iraq. 
 The body of a soldier who died of a gunshot wound was found at a British military base in Basra, making her Britain's first female military fatality since the start of the Iraq war, the government said Monday. 
 Wall Street's pre-election jitters left stocks with only a modestly gain Monday, even as crude oil futures fell near the $50 per barrel mark. A mix of economic data added to the ambivalence. 
 Darren Romeo, a protege of Siegfried & Roy, has been named the winner of the Magic Castle Magician of the Year award. 
 Gov. Charles Turnbull signed a bill creating a fifth convention to draft a constitution for the U.S. Virgin Islands, officials said Monday. 
 The president of the United Arab Emirates reshuffled his Cabinet for the first time since 1977 on Monday, replacing the interior and oil ministers and appointing a woman as economy minister, the official Emirates News Agency reported. 
 A European investment agency loaned Syria euro200 million (US$256 million) to finance an environmentally friendly energy production project, the European Commission said Monday. 
 ABN Amro, the Netherlands' largest bank, confirmed Monday that it is under investigation by U.S. regulators for possible violations of laws to prevent money laundering. 
 Syria's Cabinet has approved a 2005 state draft budget worth 460 billion Syrian pounds ($9.2 billion, euro7.1 billion) with an expected deficit of 85 billion pounds (US$1.7 billion; euro1.3 billion), Syria's official news agency SANA reported Monday. 
 Oil futures prices sank to their lowest level in nearly a month Monday on a continuation of the selloff sparked last week by rising U.S. supplies of crude and easing fears about the refining industry's ability to satisfy heating oil demand. 
 Families and friends of the 148 people killed in the January crash of a Flash Airlines jet protested Monday in front of the Egyptian Embassy to demand information about the crash from Cairo. 
 The dollar gained broadly Monday, but traders said it was a calm session with most investors holding onto dollar short positions ahead of Tuesday's neck-and-neck U.S. presidential election. 
 Peggy Ryan, who teamed with dance partner Donald O'Connor in movie musicals such as "This Is the Life" and "When Johnny Comes Marching Home," has died at age 80. 
 Volkswagen AG and Germany's biggest industrial union ended pay negotiations after nine hours Monday with no agreement, but said they would meet Tuesday morning to pick up discussions _ even as the union promised more warning strikes underlining their demand for wage increases and job guarantees. 
 Food containing olive oil can carry labels saying it may reduce the risk of coronary heart disease, the U.S. government says, citing limited evidence from a dozen scientific studies about the benefits of monounsaturated fats. 
 Oil prices finished sharply lower Monday as concerns over supplies of heating oil subsided. 
 The head of the U.N. agency that helps Palestinian refugees accused Israel on Monday of a smear campaign against his agency and crippling its work by destroying its property, blocking aid convoys, and keeping Palestinians from work. 
 After nearly 13 tense hours, rescuers using a powerful drill and working under bright lights Monday saved a toddler trapped at the bottom of an abandoned well, bringing him out to cheers, tears and cries of "Praise the Lord!" 
 The State Department will ask the Chinese government about a former senior Chinese official who was quoted as accusing President George W. Bush of trying to "rule over the whole world." 
 Legislation that would allow giant Las Vegas-style casinos to operate in Britain cleared an important Parliamentary hurdle on Monday, despite fears the new law could lead to a rise in gambling addiction. 
 More than 100 police officers have threatened to put down their firearms to protest the suspension of two colleagues who shot a civilian. 
 French teenager Gael Monfils beat Thomas Enqvist for only the third victory of his ATP tour career, upsetting the 19-time tournament winner 1-6, 6-4, 6-3 Monday in the first round of the Paris Masters. 
 Lawyers for terrorism defendant Zacarias Moussaoui said Monday they plan to seek further delays in bringing the case to trial while they appeal pretrial issues to the U.S. Supreme Court. 
 FedEx Corp. said Monday it is adding more trans-Atlantic flights, part of a plan to boost capacity to Europe. 
 The government urged motorists to slow down after a series of traffic accidents killed 12 people and injured six others Monday. 
 Pop singer Peter Gabriel was honored Monday night with the Music Industry Trusts' Award. 
 Sysco Corp., the largest U.S. food service distributor, Monday said profit for its latest quarter rose 8 percent, as it increased sales and trimmed expenses despite the hurricanes in the Southeast. 
 Osama bin Laden's vow to bleed America to bankruptcy at a time when the economy is a major issue in the U.S. presidential campaign shows he's a close student of the United States, as well as a strategist bent on getting the most impact from his words as well as his attacks. 
 The U.N. human rights investigator on Myanmar offered a pessimistic view of the country's chances for political reform, saying Monday he saw no sign that leaders there are interested in democracy. 
 A jury convicted a truck driver Monday of killing and decapitating a housekeeper nearly a dozen years after he was mistakenly freed in a rape case due to mislabeled evidence. 
 There will be plenty to talk about when player representatives meet with union leadership Tuesday as the National Hockey League lockout reaches its 48th day. 
 On the eve of the U.S. presidential election, Cubans and Americans signing deals for new U.S. food sales projected to reach US$150 million (euro117 million) expressed hope for improved relations between the two countries. 
 The mother of the 16-year-old Palestinian suicide bomber who blew himself up in a Tel Aviv market Monday called the militants who sent him "immoral," reflecting rising criticism of the practice of sending teenagers to their deaths. 
 Mexican stocks closed at another record high on Monday, helped by gains in Mexican homebuilding companies and ongoing enthusiasm for strong third-quarter earnings reports released in the past few weeks. 
 A freelance journalist taking pictures of voters waiting outside the Palm Beach County elections headquarters was arrested after ignoring a deputy's orders to stop, sheriff's officials said. 
 The federal government, running record budget deficits over the past two years, is projecting that it will have to borrow a record $147 billion in the first three months of 2005, the Treasury Department announced Monday. 
 A shootout in the Pacific coast state of Guerrero killed at least five people, including a 7-year-old boy, state prosecutors said Monday. 
 After nearly 13 tense hours, rescuers using a powerful drill and working under bright lights Monday saved a toddler trapped at the bottom of an abandoned well, bringing him out to cheers, tears and cries of "Praise the Lord!" 
 John Kerry could bring peace to Haiti if he's elected, hip hop star Wyclef Jean said Monday on a visit to try to help end a wave of violence that has left at least 79 people dead in the Caribbean nation, including several police officers and two street gang leaders. 
 High-profile broadcaster Paul Holmes, who gained notoriety for using a racial epithet in comments aimed at U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan, quit his top-rating television current affairs show Tuesday. 
 The prosecution began final arguments Monday in the case of an Air India jumbo jet bombing that killing 329 people almost 20 years ago, saying the two men accused in the Canadian trial were guilty beyond a reasonable doubt. 
 Today is Tuesday, November 9, the 313th day of 2004. There are 52 days left in the year. 
 A European mission to land a probe on Mars was hampered by late funding from the British government and inadequate monitoring, a parliamentary committee said Tuesday. 
 EDITOR'S NOTE: The latest assault on the computing public seeks not to destroy but rather to suck processing power and exploit like a greedy parasite. This is the first story in a two-part series on the spyware epidemic and how to fight it. 
 The mayor wanted a picture with him. The owner of the local National Football League team wanted a word with him. Civic leaders simply wanted to shake his hand. 
 Darfur's largest rebel group has said it would send its military officials home from peace talks within the week to deal with what it claimed were fresh attacks in the bloodied western Sudan province. 
 What's at stake in Tuesday's elections: 
 All Dennis McGrath wanted was to belong. 
 The U.S. dollar was trading at 106.47 yen on the Tokyo foreign exchange market at 5 p.m. (0800 GMT) Tuesday, up 0.09 yen from late Monday. 
 The European Union on Monday urged Ukraine's authorities to correct deficiencies in the electoral system ahead of the second round of presidential voting. 
 The people who call Dell Inc.'s customer service line often have no idea why their computers are running so slow. The ones who call America Online Inc. can't necessarily explain why Internet connections keep dropping. And those who file error reports with Microsoft Corp. don't always know why their computers inexplicably crash. 
 In less than two years, CoolWebSearch has become the bane of the computing industry. 
 Hard-bitten northeastern England has been an engine of Britain's manufacturing revolution, the center of its postindustrial decline and a battleground for Margaret Thatcher's 1980s face-off with the nation's once-powerful unions. 
 PGA Tour commissioner Tim Finchem sees nothing wrong with the amount of tournaments Ernie Els plays outside the United States, saying Monday that the three-time major winner is playing enough on the American PGA Tour to satisfy its requirements. 
 The CIA interrogated and roughed up Iraqi prisoners in a "romper room" where a handcuffed and hooded terror suspect was kicked, slapped and punched shortly before he died last year at the Abu Ghraib prison, a Navy SEAL testified. 
 Industrial conglomerate Tyco International Ltd. swung to a fourth-quarter profit on a double-digit jump in sales and on lower one-time charges compared to the year-ago quarter. 
 Six national news organizations have filed a federal lawsuit seeking additional access at the polls on Election Day. 
 The Lakers placed Serbian center Vlade Divac and forwards Devean George of and Slava Medvedenko of Ukraine on the injured list and waived guard Tony Bobbitt on Monday. 
 California's attorney general has urged the judge in the Michael Jackson child molestation case to reject a bid by the pop star to remove the Santa Barbara County prosecutor's office from the case. 
 A volcano erupted in a remote area of Iceland on Monday, setting off tremors across the area and prompting officials to warn pilots to avoid flying through gasses being emitted by the blast. 
 For Americans suffering from election overload as the last hours tick away, a warning: even leaving the United States would offer no escape. 
 Panamanian President Martin Torrijos met with his counterpart in Colombia to discuss ways the two neighbors could share electricity and the possibility of constructing a road linking North and South America. 
 Gold opened at US$427.05 an ounce on Tuesday in Hong Kong, down US$1.90 an ounce from Monday's close of US$428.95. 
 North Korea's navy criticized South Korea on Tuesday for firing warning shots a day earlier to ward off one of its patrol boats. 
 Lord James Hanson, a wealthy industrialist whose business prospered by acquiring poorly run, low-tech companies and turning them into money makers, died Monday after a long battle with cancer, his spokesman said. He was 82. 
 Some Michigan voters have received phone calls falsely claiming that Sen. John Kerry would make gay marriage legal. In New Jersey, some voters have heard a man claiming to be former U.S. Army Gen. Norman Schwarzkopf backing the Democrat. Elderly voters in Pennsylvania have been called and told they are ineligible to vote. 
 A judge refused to combine a retrial of larceny charges against former Tyco International Ltd. chief executive L. Dennis Kozlowski with a trial on charges that he failed to pay sales taxes on $13 million worth of art. 
 Scott Peterson strangled or smothered his pregnant wife not simply to be with his lover, but to rid himself of an unwanted child and to pursue life as a freewheeling bachelor, a prosecutor contended during closing arguments in a case that has run for 23 weeks. 
 Japan and North Korea will hold talks in Pyongyang next week to discuss a dispute over Japanese nationals abducted by the communist nation's spies, officials said Tuesday. 
 Japan has caught 59 minke whales in its latest hunt as part of a research program that critics have denounced as thinly disguised commercial whaling, an official said Tuesday. 
 Tokyo stocks rose Tuesday morning after shares posted modest gains on Wall Street and oil prices declined overnight. The U.S. dollar was down against the Japanese yen. 
 Matsushita is asking a Tokyo court to halt sales in Japan of plasma display panels made by a South Korean company that the Japanese electronics giant says violate its patents, the company said Tuesday. 
 Canberra will continue to have close ties with Washington regardless who wins the U.S. elections, Australia's foreign minister said Tuesday, after Prime Minister John Howard was criticized for endorsing U.S. President George W. Bush in the polls. 
 Marsh & McLennan Companies Inc. is looking to collect about $230 million (euro180 million) in incentive fees at the heart of a bid-rigging probe by New York authorities as a way to help fund a possible settlement over the questioned fees. 
 Defense attorneys and prosecutors exchanged documents Tuesday in the first court hearing on detained former chess champion Bobby Fischer's battle against deportation to the United States. 
 The first U.S. military commissions to be held since World War II began pretrial motions for an Australian cowboy allegedly caught fighting with the Taliban in Afghanistan by denying a defense request for expert witnesses and beginning debate on whether the charges against him constitute war crimes. 
 NATO's top military chief says the alliance's reconstruction teams in Afghanistan are bringing stability to the war-shattered country, and could be used as a model for Iraq. 
 New Zealand's Daniel Vettori won the toss and elected to bat first Tuesday in the first limited-overs match against Bangladesh. 
 Iranian Nobel Peace Prize winner Shirin Ebadi, praised by President George W. Bush and honored at universities for her work on behalf of democracy and human rights, is suing the U.S. government for standing in the way of the publishing of her memoirs. 
 Inspectors from the U.N. nuclear watchdog arrived in South Korea on Tuesday to conduct a final investigation before drawing up a report this month on the country's nuclear experiments in 1982 and 2000. 
 Australian bank ANZ and Cambodia's Royal Group have teamed up in a US$18 million (euro14 million) venture that will bring electronic banking to the impoverished Southeast Asian nation, company officials said Tuesday. 
 A network of Democratic trial attorneys and law professors is threatening to sue Republican poll watchers who they fear may intimidate or disenfranchise voters in Florida, Ohio and other battleground states during the U.S. elections on Tuesday. 
 Crude oil futures hugged the US$50 mark Tuesday, as concerns continued to ease over heating oil supplies ahead of the Northern Hemisphere winter. 
 From his hospital bed, Yasser Arafat has swiftly condemned a suicide bombing in Tel Aviv _ a sign the ailing Palestinian leader wants to convey the impression he is still in charge despite deteriorating health. 
 Challenged by the U.N. nuclear chief to prove their nuclear programs are peaceful, North Korea said it would scrap its "nuclear deterrence" if the United States ended its hostile policy and Iran said negotiations with three European countries may "bring fruit." 
 Israel was reacting with uncharacteristic calm after a suicide bombing in Tel Aviv by a Palestinian teenager killed three Israelis _ a test of Israel's pledge to show restraint in the wake of Yasser Arafat's illness. 
 Search teams Tuesday found the body of a local official beheaded by suspected Muslim insurgents as revenge for the deaths of 85 rioters in southern Thailand last week, police said. 
 Japanese troops in southern Iraq are on "high alert" following the firing of a shell into their camp, a top Japanese official said Tuesday. 
 In the only race that mattered to most Australians Tuesday, the incumbent won. 
 Last year's winner and favorite Makybe Diva on Tuesday become the first mare in the 144-year history of the Melbourne Cup to win Australia's most famous horse race twice. 
 A gas pipeline ruptured, exploded and caught fire in western Kazakhstan, killing three workers and injuring three others, emergency officials said Tuesday. 
 A union representing 10,000 striking casino-hotel workers tentatively agreed to a new contract, ending a bitter month-old walkout that disrupted casino operations, made gamblers sleep in unmade beds and put rank-and-file workers onto noisy picket lines. 
 In a world of "bad boy" pop stars, a Hong Kong judge found Chow Wing-hang's remorse over his drug offense refreshing. 
 The nation's first Election Day votes were cast and counted just after midnight Tuesday in this mountain hamlet, with President George W. Bush and John Kerry each receiving 15 votes. Ralph Nader received one. 
 It's down to the wire in the United States, but a poll released Tuesday in France showed John Kerry far and away the favorite to be U.S. president. 
 A federal study has lowered the number of flights that Chicago's O'Hare International Airport can handle without creating gridlock. At the same time, 37 daily flights were cut as a deal with the airlines went into effect. 
 India and neighboring Myanmar may launch a joint offensive against rebels who are fighting in India's northeast and have bases hidden just over the border in jungles in Myanmar, a senior police officer suggested Tuesday. 
 A car bomb exploded Tuesday in the southwestern city of Quetta, injuring at least one person, police said. 
 A federal study has lowered the number of flights that Chicago's O'Hare International Airport can handle without creating gridlock. At the same time, 37 daily flights were cut as a deal with the airlines went into effect. 
 Shanghai plans to expand its airports and increase access for domestic airlines as it maneuvers to become a regional hub for air travel, the government said Tuesday. 
 A gas pipeline ruptured, exploded and caught fire in western Kazakhstan, killing three workers and injuring three others, emergency officials said Tuesday. 
 The European Union on Monday urged Ukraine's authorities to correct deficiencies in the electoral system ahead of the second round of presidential voting. 
 Lawyers for former chess champion Bobby Fischer and the government exchanged documents Tuesday in the first court hearing on his legal battle against deportation to the United States. 
 The U.S. dollar was trading at 106.53 yen on the Tokyo foreign exchange market at 3 p.m. (0600 GMT) Tuesday, up 0.15 yen from late Monday. 
 A delegation from the new French Polynesian government, headed by longtime ruler Gaston Flosse, was expected in Paris on Tuesday, arriving on the heels of another group representing his ousted rival. 
 The nation's first Election Day votes were cast and counted just after midnight in a pair of mountain hamlets, with 35 votes for President George W. Bush besting challenger John Kerry's 21. Ralph Nader received one vote. 
 The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues closed at 10,887.81 points on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Tuesday, up 153.10 points, or 1.43 percent, from Monday. 
 Indonesia's top security minister called on rebels in Aceh province Tuesday to disarm and "rejoin the nation," but did not say whether fighters who surrendered would be given an amnesty, nor whether fresh peace talks were planned. 
 A federal appeals court has cleared the way for challengers to be present at polling places in Ohio, ruling early Tuesday that their presence on Election Day is allowed under state law. 
 The price of democracy in 2004: $4 billion (euro3.1 billion), and that's not even counting all the ballots, poll workers and election lawyers. 
 Taiwanese lawmakers failed to set a date Tuesday for a vote about whether to spend billions of dollars (euros) on U.S. weapons, effectively killing any chance of approving the deal before next month's legislative election. 
 More than 3,000 workers closed 22 UPM-Kymmene forest industry plants throughout Finland on Tuesday, in a 24-hour strike to protest the company's planned layoffs and closures. 
 A month after being sworn in, Indonesian lawmakers have yet to begin work because of a bitter dispute that could threaten efforts by President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono to improve security and cure the country's economic ills. 
 A powerful car bomb exploded Tuesday near the offices of a top government official in the southwestern city of Quetta, injuring at least four people, police said. 
 Foreign Minister Stanislaus Mudenge has ruled out postponement of parliamentary elections scheduled for next March, state radio reported Tuesday. 
 The Albanian government denounced Tuesday the abduction in Afghanistan a Kosovo Albanian woman and two other, calling for their unconditional release, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs said. 
 Austrian police said Tuesday they arrested a 20-year-old man suspected of brutally abusing at least three horses, including one that was sexually assaulted and suffered such severe injuries it had to be destroyed. 
 Representatives of Japan's professional baseball teams on Tuesday gave approval to Internet shopping mall Rakuten's application to form a new team for the 2005 season. 
 Police said Tuesday that they had seized 1.25 tons (2,755 pounds) of marijuana in a truck trying to cross into Greece but failed to arrest the driver. 
 Gold bullion opened Tuesday at a bid price of US$424.80 a troy ounce, down from US$426.60 late Monday. 
 Australian swimmer Grant Hackett said Tuesday he defended his Olympic 1,500-meter freestyle gold medal at Athens while recovering from a collapsed lung _ and by keeping that news from the team's medical staff. 
 Monkeys lurking at an ancient Hindu temple in India's northeast have attacked up to 300 children over three weeks, temple officials said Tuesday. 
 A former Russian nuclear physicist has given up 400 grams (14 ounces) of plutonium that he had kept in his garage, a news agency reported Tuesday _ the latest instance of unsecured radioactive materials in the former Soviet Union. 
 A roadside bomb exploded near an Iraqi National Guard patrol Monday in Baghdad, the Interior Ministry said. 
 What's at stake in Tuesday's U.S. election: 
 Last year's winner and 5-2 favorite Makybe Diva on Tuesday became the first mare in the 144-year history of the Melbourne Cup to win Australia's most famous horse race twice. 
 The All Blacks' reputation as the hard men of world rugby may be tested by the admission of midfielder Ma'a Nonu that he wears eye makeup during matches. 
 Gold closed at US$426.00 an ounce on Tuesday in Hong Kong, down US$2.95 an ounce from Monday's close of US$428.95. 
 Indonesia on Tuesday awarded local and foreign companies 12 new oil and gas blocks for exploration, and said it would offer 10 more blocks for bidding in December to boost the country's dwindling oil production. 
 A roadside bomb detonated Tuesday against an Iraqi National Guard convoy in Samarra, killing one, hospital officials said. 
 A few showers and thunderstorms will affect northeast Algeria, Tunisia, northwest parts of the Libyan coast and southeast Egypt on Wednesday. 
 A Dutch filmmaker who had made a film critical of some elements of Islamic culture has been shot dead in Amsterdam, media reported Tuesday. 
 After failing in two innings on his comeback in Nagpur, India is hoping Sachin Tendulkar can make amends with bat and ball when the fourth cricket test against Australia starts Wednesday. 
 Germany's foreign minister expressed concern Tuesday over international observers' findings that Ukraine's weekend presidential election fell short of European democratic standards, warning that "the will of the people must not be distorted." 
 Security forces have arrested 15 people and recovered assault rifles, knives and machetes they suspect were used in fighting in which 12 people were killed and 15 others wounded, the state radio said. 
 The head of Jammu-Kashmir state ordered the release Tuesday of 55 political prisoners, calling the move "a gesture of goodwill," ahead of the Muslim festival of Eid-ul-Fitr. 
 Lawyers, election-rights activists and computer scientists fearing mayhem at the polls descended on Florida, Ohio and other battleground states Tuesday, vigilant for trouble with such contentious matters as provisional ballots and electronic voting machines. 
 Auditors have uncovered fraudulent transactions that cost China's biggest state-owned commercial bank a total of 6.9 billion yuan (US$850 million; euro 670 million), the government announced. 
 A bus carrying children on a sightseeing tour crashed Tuesday in western Russia, killing one schoolgirl and injuring eight others, officials said. 
 A Dutch filmmaker was shot dead Tuesday outside a city government office in Amsterdam, police said. 
 A Russian cargo ship chartered by a Cambodian owner sank in the Sea of Japan on Tuesday, leaving one sailor dead and seven others missing, officials said. 
 Fifteen Iraqi diplomats will start training in South Korea this week as part of Seoul's efforts to improve relations with the Arab country where it has deployed troops, the Foreign Ministry said Tuesday. 
 Asian stock markets closed mostly higher Tuesday, with prices rising sharply in Tokyo and hitting record highs in Indonesia and Australia following a drop in oil prices. 
 NATO-led peacekeepers have concluded an intensive training course for Bosnian soldiers on how to destroy unexploded ordnance, NATO said Tuesday. 
 Swiss banking giant UBS AG said Tuesday its third quarter net profit slipped 1 percent to 1.67 billion Swiss francs (US$1.39 billion; euro1.09 billion) compared with the same period last year. 
 Higher passenger numbers helped Irish budget airline Ryanair increase earnings by 14.9 percent in the latest quarter despite rising fuel costs, the company said Tuesday. 
 In rhetoric similar to critical U.S. campaign headlines, Osama bin Laden accused President George W. Bush of going to war for Iraq's oil, and said the American people would be the losers. 
 If oil seems expensive now, just imagine if one of the recent hurricanes to hit the southeastern United States had swung west and come ashore at this bustling oil and gas port at the southernmost point of Louisiana. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair faced unusually personal pressure Tuesday to open a fully public inquiry into the 1989 assassination of a Belfast lawyer, one of Northern Ireland's most bitterly debated killings. 
 The Norwegian Embassy in Riga, Latvia, remained closed Tuesday for a second day because of an unspecified terror threat. 
 Shots were fired at the Sarajevo premises of the Bosnian Serb commission for the search of missing persons, Bosnian Serb police said Tuesday. 
 A U.S. military convoy was hit by a motorcycle bomber Tuesday in the central Iraqi city of Ramadi, though it was unclear whether there were any casualties, according to police. 
 Polling booths opened in nine U.S. states at 1100 GMT as millions of Americans gathered to vote in elections to select a president, 34 members of the U.S. Senate, 435 members of the House of Representatives and 11 state governors. 
 A U.S. Embassy spokesman said Tuesday that an American, a Nepalese, a Filipino and an Iraqi remain hostages after a kidnapping raid Monday night in Baghdad. Two Iraqi guards have already been released. 
 Theo Fleury is still battling a substance abuse problem, nearly two years after the former star last played an NHL game. 
 Japan and North Korea will hold talks in Pyongyang next week to discuss a dispute over Japanese nationals abducted by the communist nation's spies, officials said Tuesday. 
 Saddam Hussein's family has dismissed a prominent Jordanian lawyer who led the defense team of the ousted Iraqi dictator, accusing him of seeking fame in the high-profile case which has drawn world attention, other members of the legal team said Tuesday. 
 Bosnia's top international administrator on Tuesday warned Bosnian Serb authorities that the country's future depends on their willingness to cooperate with a U.N. war crimes tribunal and arrest war crimes suspects. 
 Incoming European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso has asked Latvia to name a new candidate for the commission, after its nominee Ingrida Udre was told to step aside. 
 An influential bishop on Tuesday accused the leadership of Romania's Orthodox Church of getting involved in politics at the start of a fiercely contested presidential campaign. 
 Italian oil services company Saipem SPA said Tuesday it won a US$520 million (euro409 million) contract to build and install an offshore pipeline complex at the massive Kashagan field in the Caspian Sea. 
 A pharmaceutical company producing AIDS drugs in Zambia is ready to start clinical trials on 28 HIV-positive volunteers, a newspaper reported Tuesday. 
 A man trying to stop a robbery at a gasoline station ended up smashing a plate glass window, wrecking his car and calling police on the wrong man. The suspect escaped, minus a shoe, and remains at large. 
 Serbian police on Tuesday linked a recent spate of gangland shootings in Belgrade to a group of criminals who they say are avenging the 2001 murder of the Serb warlord and underworld don known as Arkan. 
 China's biggest corporations are becoming increasingly profitable and less burdened by debt, ratings agency Standard & Poors said Tuesday in a report showing strongest earnings for petroleum and telecommunications companies. 
 Slovene President Janez Drnovsek concluded post-election talks with parliamentary parties Tuesday and is expected to nominate Janez Jansa, whose center-right party won Oct. 3 ballot, as premier-designate. 
 Filipinos continue to slip into Iraq in search of work despite a ban by the Philippine government, the Department of Foreign Affairs said Tuesday, as news came in that another Filipino has been kidnapped. 
 A 35-year-old man who held a woman and five children hostage was arrested Tuesday in the apartment where he barricaded himself for nearly 24 hours, police said. None of his hostages were injured. 
 A car bomb targeting an Iraqi military convoy exploded Tuesday in Mosul, killing four civilians and injuring at least seven soldiers, according to U.S. and Iraqi officials. 
 Crude oil futures traded just below US$50 Tuesday as concerns continued to ease over heating oil supplies for the Northern Hemisphere winter ahead of the U.S. presidential vote. 
 A man was arrested on vandalism charges after police said he drove a bulldozer into a church, an attack parishioners claim was racially motivated. 
 The hardline National Union Party announced Tuesday that it had split and would run in the next elections as two parties. 
 A prosecutor investigating a missed doping test that led Greece's two top sprinters to drop out of the Athens Olympics decided Tuesday to once again postpone a decision on whether to charge them. 
 China wouldn't say Tuesday whether stinging criticism of U.S. President George W. Bush's foreign policy in a state newspaper reflected its official stance, but called for a more multilateral approach to fighting terrorism and other global ills. 
 It looks like Socrates' comeback at age 50 will be a short one _ no more than 20 minutes. 
 A federal appeals court has cleared the way for political parties to challenge voters' eligibility at polling places throughout the key state of Ohio, ruling early Tuesday that their presence on Election Day was allowed under state law. 
 A car bomb exploded Tuesday near the Ministry of Education in a busy commercial area in northern Baghdad, killing at least eight people, according to the Interior Ministry and hospital officials 
 Police on Tuesday were investigating the murder of a gay man who survived the fatal nail-bombing of a gay pub five years ago. 
 India's defense minister held talks in Warsaw on Tuesday to explore the possibility of purchasing Polish military equipment for his country as the two countries strengthen defense cooperation. 
 A Filipino who was among four people abducted in Iraq is believed to be an accountant working for a Saudi Arabian company catering food to American troops, sources said Tuesday. 
 Fathi Arafat, a brother of ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, is receiving treatment at a Cairo hospital for cancer in an advanced stage, hospital officials said Tuesday. 
 Three of Russia's 88 provinces on Tuesday announced a plan to merge _ a move reflecting the Kremlin's desire to streamline the nation's unwieldy administrative system by reducing the number of federal entities. 
 Former Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu is willing to accept punishment from the Football Association over his positive drug test. But he's also preparing legal action against what he claims are exaggerated news reports about his drug use. 
 Lawyers, election-rights activists and computer scientists fearing mayhem at the polls descended on Florida, Ohio and other key states Tuesday, vigilant for trouble with such contentious matters as provisional ballots and electronic voting machines. 
 A Japanese peace envoy said Tuesday he was optimistic the government and the Tamil Tiger rebels would eventually reach a peace deal, but warned that a permanent end to Sri Lanka's two-decade civil war would not come soon. 
 Britain's minister for international development began a four-day tour of the Balkans Tuesday by urging the United Nations mission in Kosovo to do more to promote political progress and economic development in what is one of the poorest regions in Europe. 
 The outgoing speaker of Kazakhstan's parliament on Tuesday urged the country's top officials to respect laws and warned against moves to suppress dissent. 
 Lawmakers on Tuesday rejected a motion by Slobodan Milosevic loyalists to urgently start impeachment proceedings against Serbia's pro-Western president. 
 Sporting Lisbon midfielder Hugo Viana's car flipped over in a three-vehicle pile-up Tuesday but the player escaped unhurt, news reports said. 
 The Supreme Court began prosecuting two former energy ministers Tuesday for alleged abuse of power in the first corruption case against government ministers in more than a decade. 
 China plans to carry out a record 4,500 doping tests during the 2008 Beijing Olympics, a move commended by Australian Olympic Committee President John Coates. 
 A Jordanian-born man who says he served briefly as Osama bin Laden's bodyguard told a German court Tuesday that the al-Qaida leader spoke months before the Sept. 11 attacks of a strike against the United States and said there would be "thousands of dead." 
 Mozambique President Joaquim Chissano arrived in Lesotho Tuesday for a two-day state visit, his last official international engagement before leaving office. 
 A bronze statue and stained glass window were unveiled at the Ministry of Defense in London Tuesday to honor members of the armed forces recognized for bravery and courage. 
 Hotels in Qatar have increased their security precautions after the U.S. Embassy in Doha issued a warning to Americans to avoid visiting major hotels. 
 Senior government officials from across southeastern Europe met with business leaders in the Bulgarian capital on Tuesday to try to attract foreign investment and promote business in their impoverished countries. 
 Argentine coach Hector Cuper will take charge of Mallorca, the club he led for two years in the late '90s, the Spanish club said on its Web site Tuesday. 
 Latvia's state police arrested four Latvian men sought for their part in a two-year string of bank robberies in the German state of Lower Saxony, an official said Tuesday. 
 Vandals spray-painted swastikas and Nazi-related inscriptions on about 30 tombstones overnight at a cemetery in eastern France where no Jews are buried, police said Tuesday. 
 President Mohammad Khatami said Tuesday it was possible Iran would continue suspension of uranium enrichment and that he was hopeful of a compromise with Europe over its nuclear program. 
 A thief broke into the office of a minor candidate running in next year's presidential election and made off with computers containing information about his campaign, police said Tuesday. 
 Iraqi authorities confirmed Tuesday that a Croatian truck driver has been killed in Iraq, the Croatian government said. 
 A witness testifying Tuesday in the trial of the alleged assassins of Zoran Djindjic said he saw three men flee the building from which two sniper shots were allegedly fired at Serbia's pro-Western prime minister. 
 Shares in Russia's No.1 oil producer, Yukos, plummeted Tuesday on news that tax authorities had served the company with fresh back tax bills for nearly US$10 billion (euro7.9 billion), bringing the company's total tax debt to some US$17.6 billion (euro13.9 billion). 
 Israel inaugurated a billion-dollar airport terminal Tuesday, after a three-year delay and with Israeli-Palestinian violence weighing heavily on expected air traffic growth. 
 BAA, the world's largest airport operator, said Tuesday it is on target for strong annual passenger growth after reporting a 17.3 percent rise in net profit in the first half of the year. 
 Kazakh authorities have handed over to Uzbek officials three suspects in a string of terror attacks in Uzbekistan earlier this year that left dozens dead, a police official said Tuesday. 
 Georgia on Tuesday accused Russia of interfering in its internal affairs, citing a visit to Moscow by two rival presidential candidates in the breakaway Georgian province of Abkhazia. 
 The government on Tuesday moved to bolster Saab Automobile AB's lure to parent General Motors by agreeing to use state money to improve road and rail access to the company's last automotive plant in Sweden. 
 President Vladimir Voronin on Tuesday fired Moldova's military intelligence chief, the second high-ranking official to lose his job after the theft of dozens of grenade launchers from a military warehouse. 
 Though the Church of England remains sharply divided on whether women should be priests, it cannot avoid a decision on whether they should be bishops as well, a church report released Tuesday said. 
 Chester City manager Ian Rush on Tuesday dropped out of the running to replace Mark Hughes as coach of Wales' national soccer team and effectively cleared the way for John Toshack to take the job. 
 An international humanitarian agency helped rescue 23 Indian and Bangladeshi migrants who became stranded in the Sahara desert after a failed bid to migrate to Europe. 
 Sudan denied a U.N. claim that Sudanese military and police forces were surrounding several refugee camps Tuesday in the war-torn region of Darfur and refusing access to humanitarian groups, but said angry Arab tribesmen had gathered in those areas. 
 SAS AB reported a smaller profit for the third quarter of the year amid rising fuel prices that have plagued the industry and increased competition among its European routes from rival low-cost carriers. The company warned it would not post a profit for 2004. 
 Albanian authorities have stopped more than a dozen people from illegally crossing into Italy and neighboring Greece, police said Tuesday. 
 Latvia selected its former ambassador to the European Union, Andris Piebalgs, on Tuesday to become the country's commissioner in the team of incoming European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso. 
 Orissa's top elected official was rushed to the hospital with an injured foot Tuesday after a fight broke out between lawmakers in this east Indian state's legislature. 
 Bangladeshi army explosives experts began destroying anti-personnel land mines Tuesday to comply with an international treaty banning the weapons that kill or maim tens of thousands of civilians worldwide every year. 
 Belgian Cardinal Gustaaf Joos, who derided lesbians and gays as 'sexual perverts,' died Tuesday, local church officials said. 
 Japanese troops in southern Iraq were on "high alert" Tuesday after a shell was fired into their camp and Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi, facing pressure at home to withdraw the forces, acknowledged that security near the base was "unpredictable." 
 An Indian software exporter said Tuesday it was hiring programmers in eastern Europe and has set up a development center in the Hungarian capital. 
 A judge in Sicily ordered the island's top official to stand trial on charges of aiding the Mafia, news reports said Tuesday. 
 Swiss authorities have arrested a 48-year-old man on suspicion of having sexual relations with children, Zurich city police said Tuesday. 
 A Palestinian refugee who spent seven months at Prague's Ruzyne International Airport was granted asylum in Germany, an aid official said Tuesday. 
 Most cast their ballots weeks ago, and some will have to hunt down a television to find constant coverage of Tuesday's U.S. election. 
 Australia's ace spinner Shane Warne on Tuesday was ruled out of the fourth and final test match against India after fracturing his right thumb while batting at the nets. 
 A cholera epidemic in the capital of this West African nation was spreading Tuesday with 400 cases reported and two deaths so far, health officials said. 
 Turkey's military warned that a civil war could start if Iraqi Kurds take control of the oil resources of northern Iraq, and hinted on Tuesday that such a conflict could draw in Turkey. 
 Greece complained to the European Union and NATO on Tuesday over alleged violations of its Aegean Sea airspace by Turkish jet fighters. 
 Government forces in Central African Republic were preparing to send reinforcements to the north after unidentified gunmen attacked an army patrol, killing three soldiers and capturing 10 others, a military official said Tuesday. 
 A new entry fee has helped Northern Europe's largest Gothic Cathedral improve its finances, figures released Tuesday showed. 
 Prime Minister Stanislav Gross said Tuesday the government plans to compensate Czechs imprisoned for political reasons by the country's former communist regime. 
 The leaders of France, Spain, Germany and Sweden called on Tuesday for a "European youth pact," saying that Europe must not resign itself to growing old. 
 Retail sales data released Tuesday by the Confederation of British Industry showed a pickup in consumer spending in October after several months of slow growth, but the underlying trend was still slower than usual for the time of year. 
 Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu, facing a suspension after testing positive for drug use, is missing from Romania's roster for the upcoming World Cup Group 1 qualifier against Armenia. 
 The European Union is planning to offer Iraq a trade deal as part of international efforts to help rebuild the country, EU foreign ministers said Tuesday. 
 Sweden included 17 NHL players on the roster for the upcoming Karjala Tournament, but left out star forward Peter Forsberg, who declined the invitation to play, citing fatigue. 
 Playboy Enterprises Inc. on Tuesday said it rebounded to post a third-quarter profit as advertising rose sharply at the company's flagship magazine. 
 The body of a Japanese hostage decapitated by militants in Iraq was flown out of Kuwait Tuesday evening en route home, a Japanese diplomat said. 
 Beijing has approved a feasibility plan for Mercedes Benz to begin making sedans in the city in a joint venture with local partner BAIC Ltd., the Chinese company said Tuesday. 
 Ugandan security forces have arrested a senior Roman Catholic priest, accusing him of collaborating with northern rebels who are fighting an insurgency that has forced more than 1.5 million people from their homes, a church official said Tuesday. 
 Danish Queen Margrethe will visit Japan this month with her French-born husband, Prince Henrik, the palace said Tuesday. 
 Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi arrived Tuesday in Moscow for talks with President Vladimir Putin and other top Russian officials on energy cooperation, security issues and Russian-European Union relations. 
 The head of the breakaway Turkish Cypriot state's administration said Tuesday he is open to a possible re-negotiation of a U.N. plan to reunite this Mediterranean island. 
 One year in business was all it took for London restaurant The Wolseley to net an elite honor: Restaurant of the Year at the Harpers and Moet Awards. 
 Rising star Robin Soderling of Sweden overcame a tough start before hitting his stride to beat Italian Davide Sanguinetti 4-6, 7-6 (6), 6-0 in a second-round match at the Paris Masters. 
 The Premier League has charged Aston Villa manager David O'Leary with making an illegal approach for Southampton striker James Beattie. Villa said it will contest the charge. 
 Monaco's 81-year-old ruler Prince Rainier III returned home to his palace on Tuesday after a week's hospital treatment for a chest infection, his office announced. 
 Conrad Black stepped aside Tuesday as chairman and chief executive of Hollinger Inc., the Toronto-based holding company which has voting control over newspaper publisher Hollinger International Inc. 
 Unidentified assailants riding on a motorcycle fatally shot an off-duty paramilitary officer in the southern port city of Karachi Tuesday, police said. 
 Six imprisoned former leaders of the armed Basque separatist group ETA have urged it to abandon violence, saying that after decades of bombings and shootings ETA has been defeated by Spanish security forces, a newspaper reported Tuesday. 
 German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder urged Macedonia on Tuesday to resolve an 11-year-old dispute with Greece over its name, saying the former Yugoslav republic should respect Greek historic sensitivities. 
 Poland and Russia on Tuesday confirmed a settlement of a trade dispute that had threatened at least US$358 million (euro282 million) in Polish food exports, and promised to foster trade and investments between the two countries. 
 The European Union said Tuesday the Palestinian government remained fully in power, though President Yasser Arafat lies in a Paris hospital suffering from a serious, but undisclosed illness. 
 The possibility of harmonizing European tax laws dominated talks Tuesday between French Finance Minister Nicolas Sarkozy and Czech officials, including Prime Minister Stanislav Gross. 
 The U.S. dollar was mixed against other major currencies in European trading Tuesday. Gold prices fell. 
 A judge on Tuesday threw out the case against a woman accused of illegally terminating her unwanted pregnancy, saying there was not enough evidence to prosecute under Portugal's strict abortion laws. 
 The vote Tuesday in California on funding for embryonic stem cell research may be just as important as the U.S. presidential election for Europe's health care sector. 
 The alleged leader of an Islamic terrorist group suspected of plotting to bomb a Spanish court planned a series of robberies in Switzerland to finance the attack, a newspaper reported Tuesday. 
 Smokers could be refused a lift by London cab drivers under new regulations announced by the city's mayor Tuesday. 
 The United States is preparing to continue military assistance to Georgia in coming years, possibly with a new U.S. training program for peacekeepers, Georgia's defense minister said Tuesday. 
 Antonio Cassano was left off AS Roma's roster for Wednesday's Champions League match against Bayer Leverkusen in another sign of the growing divide between the volatile striker and new coach Luigi Del Neri. 
 The crown prince of Abu Dhabi, Sheik Khalifa bin Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan, who is favored to succeed his father as ruler of the United Arab Emirates, is viewed as a competent administrator but without the late president's charisma. 
 David Moore was named the West Indies cricket team's assistant coach, joining fellow Australian Bennett King on the staff. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair faced unusually personal pressure Tuesday to open a fully public inquiry into the 1989 assassination of a Belfast lawyer, one of Northern Ireland's most bitterly debated killings. 
 A court on Tuesday ordered the chief of India's main opposition party and other party leaders to respond to a petition seeking to revive charges against them over the demolition of a 16th-century mosque by Hindu hard-liners in 1992, a news report said. 
 A court in Nigeria's capital on Tuesday threw out a bid by political and ethnic leaders to prevent a disputed territory in oil-rich waters from being handed over to Cameroon. 
 Lawyers challenged the charges against an Australian cowboy who allegedly fought for Afghanistan's ousted Taliban regime as Americans cast ballots Tuesday in elections that could halt the first military commissions since World War II. 
 A small leather-bound volume in which Muhammad Ali drew pictures of himself fighting archrival Joe Frazier has sold for 17,000 pounds (US$30,000; euro25,000), auctioneers Sotheby's said Tuesday. 
 Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo _ whose 1999 election ended junta rule in Africa's most populous nation _ will not seek a third term, his political adviser said Tuesday. 
 Lawyers should be able to decide the best trial defense for prospective death row inmates even if means conceding the defendant's guilt without his explicit consent, a government lawyer told the Supreme Court on Tuesday. 
 Security forces arrested a top Islamist leader in Mauritania on Tuesday, one day after a government minister accused Islamic hard-liners in the country of distributing fake photos of tortured prisoners to the media. 
 Within 30 days, hundreds of British soldiers will complete their deployment to a base near Baghdad in a deployment aimed at covering for U.S. troops planning a new assault on Iraqi insurgents, an official said Tuesday. 
 Share prices rose Tuesday on the London Stock Exchange. 
 Despite its nervousness over the presidential election, Wall Street extended its rally Tuesday, pushing stocks higher as investors welcomed a drop in oil prices to the $50 per barrel level. 
 The last time Wayne Rooney and Ruud van Nistelrooy teamed up for a Champions League game at Old Trafford, the result was spectacular. 
 Career diplomat Ferenc Somogyi on Tuesday was sworn in as Hungary's new foreign minister in a short parliamentary ceremony. 
 A group of Slobodan Milosevic's supporters on Tuesday hailed the recent decision by the U.N. war crimes court to allow the former Yugoslav president to resume his own defense before the international tribunal. 
 Arsenal dismissed a report in the Financial Times that the club is considering floating on the London Stock Exchange. 
 Children with HIV/AIDS are dying needlessly because of ignorance and a lack of suitable medicines, and the U.N. must increase efforts to change the situation, the international medical relief group Medecins Sans Frontieres said Tuesday. 
 Czech police tracked down a man who sent an-email with a threat of a possible attack against a university hospital in the Czech capital, an official said Tuesday. 
 OFI Crete defender Nikos Kounenakis has been asked to testify before a disciplinary committee after failing a doping test following a Greek league game, soccer authorities said Tuesday. 
 A Swiss lawyer, who was detained on suspicion of bribery and money laundering in South Korea and then deported to the United States, has returned home, his lawyer said Tuesday. 
 Former Netherlands coach Dick Advocaat will take charge of Borussia Moenchengladbach, the Bundesliga club said Tuesday. 
 Lawyers should be able to decide the best trial defense for prospective death row inmates even it if means conceding the defendant's guilt without his explicit consent, a government lawyer told the Supreme Court on Tuesday. 
 For Internacional, facing Colombia's Junior is more than a test in the Copa Sul-Americana. It's a cause for celebration. 
 European stocks ended higher Tuesday, boosted by Monday's fall in the oil price, but uncertainty ahead of the U.S. presidential election capped market gains. 
 A theft from a doping lab near London. A break-in at an office outside Dublin. Anonymous faxes and sinister turns. An investigative trail that stretches from Switzerland to Hong Kong. 
 A South African diplomat on Tuesday met a top New Delhi police officer to determine whether cricketer Nicky Boje would be questioned during South Africa's tour to India this month as part of an ongoing investigation into allegations of match-fixing, a news report said. 
 Britain's most famous scientist, Stephen Hawking, on Tuesday condemned the Iraq war as a "war crime" and said the U.S.-led invasion was based on lies. 
 Most cast their ballots weeks ago, and some will have to hunt down a television to find constant coverage of Tuesday's U.S. election. 
 Automaker Volkswagen AG and Germany's biggest industrial union said Tuesday they have made some progress in difficult pay negotiations, but were cautious on prospects of a quick deal in talks that were marked by worker protests and threats of more serious measures to come. 
 Journalists at an independent Ukrainian television station ended a week-long hunger strike and filed suit against broadcasting regulators Tuesday, accusing the government of cracking down on the independent media. 
 Heidi Kuhn tasted the fruits of her labors in September when she visited Croatia and sampled the first harvest from a vineyard that used to be a minefield. 
 Prison guards fired into the air and used tear gas to quell a riot sparked over water shortages at the main prison in Ivory Coast's commercial capital, a Justice Ministry official said. At least one prisoner died. 
 Saboteurs blew up an oil pipeline and attacked an oil well in northern Iraq Tuesday, which are expected to stop oil exports for the next 10 days, Iraqi oil officials said. 
 The presidential race of 2004 lumbered into history as the longest and the most expensive, a wartime election promising a nail-biter of a finish and a bitter residue of political division and polarization. 
 A global investment fund manager has filed a civil suit against Citigroup, charging that the New York-based financial institution improperly interfered with the investment fund's operations in Brazil, lawyers said Tuesday. 
 A car exploded in the capital of the troubled southern Russia region of Dagestan on Tuesday, injuring at least two people, including a 7-year-old boy, a regional emergency official said. 
 Powdered paprika distributed by four companies may be infected with the same toxin that last week forced authorities to ban the sale of the country's signature spice. 
 The rush to beat the Election Day crowds at the ballot box Tuesday turned into a long wait in many places as large numbers of early voters created long lines that ran outside the doors and down streets. 
 British lawmakers voted overwhelmingly Tuesday against banning parents from smacking their children. 
 An estimated 117.5 million to 121 million people were expected to cast votes Tuesday, about 58 percent to 60 percent of eligible voters. That would rival the turnout of the 1960 presidential election, when John F. Kennedy won the White House over Richard M. Nixon. 
 The Iraqi government Tuesday announced three days of mourning for Sheik Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan, the president of the United Arab Emirates, whose death was announced earlier in the day. 
 AS Roma president Franco Sensi rejected the resignation of sports director Franco Baldini, the club said Tuesday. 
 A Marxist rebel accused of murder and kidnapping escaped from the fortified Attorney General's office in central Bogota after slicing through the metal bars of his cell with an electric saw, authorities said Tuesday. 
 The European Union hopes to sign a "strategic partnership" deal with Russia this month, but only if President Vladimir Putin accepts far-reaching cooperation in economic, security and other issues, officials said Tuesday. 
 Yearly flu shots significantly reduce deaths from all causes in people 65 and older, Dutch researchers found in a study that underscores the seriousness of this year's U.S. vaccine shortage. 
 A French prosecutor asked Tuesday for a 20-month suspended prison sentence and a euro30,000 (US$38,100) fine for late President Francois Mitterrand's eldest son, on trial for alleged tax fraud. 
 The editorial page editor of The Florida Times-Union retired after a committee found instances of plagiarism and improperly attributed material in editorials, the publisher announced in Tuesday's editions. 
 Ugandan rebels fighting an insurgency that has driven more than 1.5 million people from their homes said they want to hold peace talks with the African country's government, the BBC reported Tuesday. 
 Former downhill world champion Hannes Trinkl was critically injured Tuesday in a logging accident in which police said he broke his legs. 
 The Supreme Court took up a racial segregation case Tuesday that asks if black California inmates are being unconstitutionally bunked together for months at a time, in the name of keeping prisons safe. 
 Gold for current delivery closed at $420.00 per troy ounce Tuesday on the New York Mercantile Exchange, down from $427.30 late Monday. 
 Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin is to visit strife-ridden Sudan this month to urge the government to halt ethnic and religious violence that has driven 1.5 million people from their homes. 
 Crude oil futures settled below $50 a barrel Tuesday, falling to their lowest closing level since the end of September, as fears about heating oil subsided even though inventories remain tight. 
 Italy has been struck by extreme weather this week, with record heat in Rome, floods in Venice and strong winds fanning wildfires in the south. 
 A federal appeals court sided Tuesday with a tobacco company that is trying to keep a potentially damaging memo out of the U.S. government's $280 billion (euro220.4 billion) awsuit against cigarette makers. 
 The stock market closed. 
 Seventy-four players idled by the National Hockey League lockout gathered for a routine update from their union leadership on Tuesday, including Montreal Canadiens winger Pierre Dagenais, who said he'd accept a salary cap if it would settle the labor impasse. 
 Strangers have contributed more than $2,600 (euro2,046) to help win the freedom of a man who was jailed for nonpayment of child support eight days after he donated his kidney to someone he met over the Internet, the man's attorney said. 
 The prospect of a tight race for the presidency _ and a repeat of the 2000 court battle _ prompted a late selloff on Wall Street on Tuesday, with stocks finishing the session mixed despite a fresh drop in oil prices. 
 With prayers, flowers, and tears, Central Americans marked traditional holidays for the dead Tuesday by remembering family members killed in civil wars that claimed hundreds of thousands of lives during the 1980s. 
 Venezuela's government ordered military troops to guard against possible violence in states where results are being strongly disputed between government allies and opposition candidates, an official said Tuesday. 
 The French government assured the International Olympic Committee of its seriousness to host the 2012 Olympic Games in Paris on Tuesday, signing financial guarantees for euro2.5 billion (US$3.2 billion) needed to stage the quadrennial event. 
 Texas researchers say they have perfected a method to deliver cancer treatment directly into tumors, bypassing healthy tissue. 
 A prominent leftist newspaper editor known for attacking government policies claimed that assailants _ possibly security agents _ abducted, beat and stripped him Tuesday before dumping him in the desert outside Cairo. 
 American striker DaMarcus Beasley scored early in the first half as PSV Eindhoven beat Rosenborg 1-0 in their Champions League Group E game and closed in on a place in the knockout phase. 
 The Republican Party posted thousands of people inside Ohio polling places to challenge voters' eligibility Tuesday after a dispute that went all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court just hours before the balloting began. 
 Uncertainty and speculation on the outcome of the U.S. presidential election yielded a scattered performance for the dollar amid some jittery trading Tuesday. 
 It fell into young hands like manna from heaven _ only this was Day of the Dead bread, commemorating the annual return by souls of the deceased. 
 The third of eight U.S. soldiers charged in the Abu Ghraib prison abuse scandal has pleaded guilty, and was demoted and docked a half-month's pay, an Army spokesman said Tuesday. 
 Muhammad Ali posed for pictures, gave out hugs and performed magic tricks for about 150 people who turned out for a "topping out" ceremony at the center named for him. 
 The prospect of a tight race for the presidency _ and a repeat of the 2000 court battle _ prompted a late selloff on Wall Street on Tuesday, with stocks finishing the session mixed despite a fresh drop in oil prices. 
 Oscar-winning actress Patty Duke will undergo single heart bypass surgery Wednesday. 
 Voting machines malfunctioned, tempers flared and edgy voters often waited in lines for hours Tuesday to pick a president in a contentious race watched by thousands of poll monitors who expected the worst. 
 Haiti's normally uproarious Day of the Dead passed almost without notice Tuesday in the gritty city of Gonaives, where bodies were floating through the streets just a month ago. 
 Arabs from Cairo to Kuwait are tuning in to the U.S. presidential election with a remarkable amount of passion and fascination Tuesday, all the while saying it doesn't matter much who sits in the White House for the next four years. 
 More interest in plot- and character-driven movies means times are good for independent films, says Oscar-winning director Ron Howard. 
 Bone fragments that scientists determined are the remains of six U.S. servicemen whose AC-47 gunship crashed in Laos in 1966 during the Vietnam war will be buried as a group Friday at Arlington National Cemetery with full military honors, the Pentagon said Tuesday. 
 Chelsea and Inter Milan qualified for the last 16 of the Champions League on Tuesday while AC Milan and Barcelona stood on the brink on joining them. 
 The University of Massachusetts has entertainer Bill Cosby _ one of its most famous graduates _ to thank for helping raise $1.5 million (euro1.18 million) for a new program to give scholarships to students from the poorer communities around the university. 
 Australia's central bank left its benchmark interest rate unchanged at 5.25 percent Wednesday for an 11th consecutive month. 
 Second seed Lleyton Hewitt beat Gael Monfils 6-3, 7-6 (3) on Tuesday, turning back the French teenager's bid for a second upset at the euro2.425 million (US$3.1 million) Paris Masters in as many days. 
 A federal jury ordered National Basketball Association all-star Vince Carter to pay his imprisoned former agent, William "Tank" Black, nearly $4.7 million in lost commissions and damages. 
 Crude oil futures continued to fall Tuesday, closing below $50 a barrel for the first time in four weeks. 
 Mexican stocks gave up early gains and closed lower Tuesday, following volatility in U.S. equities as voting in the American presidential election got under way. 
 A militant Islamic cell suspected of plotting to blow up a Spanish court had prepared a backup team with other possible targets including Madrid's biggest soccer stadium and the headquarters of the conservative Popular Party, a judge said Tuesday. 
 A militant Islamic cell suspected of plotting to blow up a Spanish court had prepared a backup team with other possible targets including Madrid's biggest soccer stadium and the headquarters of the conservative Popular Party, a judge said Tuesday. 
 Energizer Holdings Inc., which makes batteries, flashlights and shaving razors, said its chief executive would retire in January after its 2005 annual meeting. 
 Most cast their ballots weeks ago, and some will have to hunt down a television to find constant coverage of Tuesday's U.S. election. 
 The Republican Party posted thousands of people inside Ohio polling places to challenge voters' eligibility Tuesday after a dispute that went all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court just hours before the balloting began. 
 A federal jury sentenced a convict to death Tuesday in the kidnapping and killing of a South Carolina woman who was abducted from a parking lot. 
 Sherry Lansing, a powerful studio boss who led the career path for female Hollywood executives, will leave her post as chairwoman of Viacom Inc.'s Paramount Pictures at the end of next year when her contract expires. 
 Basil Thompson, an internationally acclaimed ballet master on sabbatical from the University of Iowa, died Tuesday in Lynchburg, Virginia, of sudden cardiac arrest. He was 67. 
 The Pan American Health Organization and the Caribbean Development Bank will assist hurricane ravaged Grenada with health care development and reconstruction, the government said Tuesday. 
 A woman who admitted fatally poisoning her three children on Mother's Day was sentenced Tuesday to three life terms without parole. 
 The president of the United Arab Emirates, who helped forge a federation from seven backwater Gulf states and built it into a high-tech commercial crossroads of gleaming skyscrapers, has died. He was 86. 
 The United Nations is in better financial shape than it was a year ago, but crucial programs are at risk because member countries aren't paying their dues on time, officials said Tuesday. 
 Today is Wednesday, November 10, the 314th day of 2004. There are 51 days left in the year. 
 Japanese financial markets were closed Wednesday for Culture Day, a national holiday. Trading will resume Thursday. 
 Majority Republicans pocketed an open Democratic Senate seat in Georgia as they battled for renewed control in a string of races across the South and West. Democratic Leader Tom Daschle faced strong oppposition for a new term in South Dakota. 
 Israel's parliament was to vote later Wednesday on providing compensation to 8,800 settlers to be evacuated from Gaza and the West Bank next year, a crucial test of the "unilateral disengagement" plan, which has stirred strident opposition. 
 Tests on Yasser Arafat showed problems with his digestion, but the Palestinian leader has recovered sufficiently for him to undergo further examinations that could not be performed when he was first rushed to France, an aide said. 
 Car bombs killed at least a dozen people in Baghdad and another major city as pressure mounted on interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi to avert a full-scale U.S. attack on the insurgent stronghold Fallujah. 
 An American Airlines flight made an emergency landing at O'Hare International Airport after a bird was sucked into its engine just minutes after takeoff, officials said. 
 America Online, which has been trying to turn its fortunes around as users leave the service for broadband connections, plans to cut about 700 jobs next month, or 5 percent of its U.S. work force, in a bid to meet financial targets, a person familiar with the matter said. 
 Machines malfunctioned, tempers flared and edgy voters often waited hours Tuesday to pick a U.S. president in a contentious race watched by thousands of monitors who expected the worst. 
 In front of Bally's Atlantic City, a discarded "On Strike" sign was stuffed in a trash can. Absent from the famed Boardwalk were the conga lines of chanting and singing strikers. 
 The Sudanese security forces surrounded several camps in the war-torn region of Darfur, relocated refugees against their will and denied access to humanitarian groups, the United Nations said. Sudan denied closing off the camps but said angry Arab tribesmen had gathered in the area. 
 President George W. Bush and challenger John Kerry traded early victories Tuesday in a tense and testy presidential election that gave U.S. voters a choice between an embattled wartime incumbent and a Democrat who vigorously questioned the invasion of Iraq and Bush's domestic policies. 
 A Dutch filmmaker who received death threats after his recent movie criticized the way women were treated under Islam, was shot and stabbed to death in Amsterdam on Tuesday. 
 Britain's Queen Elizabeth II laid a wreath at Germany's national war memorial and called for remembrance of the suffering of both sides in World War II during a state visit underlining the countries' postwar reconciliation. 
 People outside the United States could only watch, wait and fume as Americans lined up to vote in an election that provoked an extraordinary degree of emotional involvement beyond U.S. borders. 
 The mass boycott of elections in Kosovo last month by the province's Serbs was an emphatic act of defiance aimed at helping the beleaguered minority win more autonomy. What it seems to have bought them, however, was even more isolation. 
 Tiger Woods does not play golf with a ring on his finger. 
 President George W.Bush and challenger John Kerry traded early victories Tuesday in a tense and testy contest between an embattled wartime incumbent and a hard-charging Democrat who blamed the incumbent for chaos in Iraq and joblessness in the United States. The president claimed an early victory in West Virginia, but higher stakes battlegrounds loomed. 
 Bangladeshi authorities deployed 5,000 riot police in the capital ahead of a planned anti-government strike on Wednesday, police said. 
 Prudential Financial Inc. more than doubled its third-quarter profit on double-digit revenue growth, partly from acquisitions this year, and on significant one-time gains, after sizable charges dragged down the bottom line a year ago. The earnings beat Wall Street estimates by a wide margin. 
 President George W. Bush and challenger John Kerry traded early victories Tuesday in a tense and testy contest between an embattled wartime incumbent and a hard-charging Democrat who blamed the incumbent for chaos in Iraq and joblessness in the United States. The president claimed an early victory in West Virginia, but higher stakes battlegrounds loomed. 
 A grey heron found dead near Hong Kong's border with mainland China may have died of bird flu in what would be the second case of a bird dying from the disease this year in the territory. 
 Fears of terror attacks competed in voters' minds with pocketbook concerns, Associated Press exit polls found _ and the rival worries kept Tuesday's race between President George W. Bush and Democratic challenger Sen. John Kerry close. 
 International observers from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe kept a watchful eye Tuesday on the U.S. presidential balloting, the first time the group has monitored an American election. 
 Republicans and Democrats swapped seats in Georgia and Illinois as they battled for Senate control in a string of races concentrated in the South and West. Republican Sen. Jim Bunning struggled for a new term in Kentucky. 
 President George W. Bush and challenger John Kerry traded early victories Tuesday in a tense and testy contest between an embattled wartime incumbent and a hard-charging Democrat who blamed the Republican for chaos in Iraq and joblessness in the UnitedStates. 
 The United Arab Emirates began 40 days of mourning Wednesday following the death of the wealthy Gulf state's founding president, who helped transform seven backwater Gulf states into the world's ninth largest oil producer and a high-tech commercial crossroads of gleaming skyscrapers. 
 President George W. Bush and challenger John Kerry traded early victories Tuesday in a tense and testy contest between an embattled wartime incumbent and a hard-charging Democrat who blamed the Republican for chaos in Iraq and joblessness in the United States. 
 The campaign was a bitter stew of allegations and occasional violence. Yet last weekend's wild-style presidential election which ended in deadlock "shows encouraging signs for the development of Ukrainian democracy," international election observers said. 
 Republicans and Democrats swapped seats in Georgia and Illinois as they battled for Senate control in a string of races concentrated in the South and West. Republican Sen. Jim Bunning struggled for a new term in Kentucky. 
 Intense voter registration drives and keen interest in the presidential race contest put Tuesday's election on track to draw the heaviest turnout in years. Officials were watching whether it would approach the 1960 benchmark, when about two-thirds of eligible voters came out to choose between John F. Kennedy or Richard Nixon. 
 For Kep Phally, a prostitute in Cambodia's capital city, the promise of just over US$5 (about euro4) led to a night she described as "torture." 
 Barack Obama, the son of a Kenyan father and an American mother who shot from obscurity to political stardom in mere months, trounced Republican Alan Keyes to claim a Senate seat in Illinois. He will be just the third black U.S. senator since the post-Civil War Reconstruction era. 
 Gold opened at US$421.55 an ounce on Wednesday in Hong Kong, down US$4.45 an ounce from Tuesday's close of US$426.00. 
 Lawyers challenged conspiracy and terrorism charges against an Australian who allegedly fought with Afghanistan's Taliban as Americans cast ballots Tuesday in elections that could halt the first U.S. military commissions since World War II. 
 Declining to issue a final statement, a Texas man condemned for the stabbing and beating of a 70-year-old man was executed. 
 Sixty-four prospective jurors in the Robert Blake murder case were eliminated from consideration after indicating strong views in written questionnaires. 
 The U.S. presidential race of 2004 lumbered into history as the longest and the most expensive, a wartime election promising a nail-biter of a finish and a bitter residue of political division and polarization. 
 The death toll from last month's magnitude-6.8 earthquake and its aftershocks in northern Japan rose to 37 when a 69-year-old man died of stress attributed to the disaster, police said Wednesday. 
 Seventh-seeded Nadia Petrova fired serves up to 193 kph (120 mph) and beat Tatiana Panova 6-2, 6-0 Tuesday to advance to the second round of the Advanta Championships. 
 Machines malfunctioned, tempers flared and edgy voters often waited hours Tuesday to pick a U.S. president in a contentious race watched by thousands of monitors who expected the worst. 
 The top U.N. envoy to Sudan accused security forces in southern Darfur of forcing several thousand people who had taken refuge in a camp to move against their will in "flagrant violation" of international law. 
 The U.S. Embassy in Uzbekistan warned Americans on Wednesday to be vigilant when shopping at the Central Asian country's bustling bazaars after recent violence between traders and police sparked by new trade laws. 
 A former player for the Oakland Raiders football team wanted for an alleged drive-by shooting at the home of entertainers Siegfried & Roy has been taken into custody, police said. 
 Republicans and Democrats swapped seats in Georgia and Illinois as they battled for Senate control in a string of races concentrated in the South and West. Republican Sen. Jim Bunning struggled for a new term in Kentucky. 
 Colombia's vice president said his government was wrong to deny entry to four international union leaders who had arrived at Bogota's international airport for a labor conference. 
 She lives 20 kilometers (12 miles) from the scene of the bloodshed, but the Muslim restaurant owner was sure she knew what happened when violence erupted between Muslim Hui and members of China's Han majority. 
 Taiwan said Wednesday it has established formal diplomatic relations with the South Pacific nation of Vanuatu _ a victory in this island's intense competition with China for global recognition. 
 President George W. Bush and challenger John Kerry traded early swing-state victories Tuesday night, a tension-packed conclusion to a U.S. presidential race for the ages fought out over Iraq, the economy and terrorism. With results coming in from Connecticut to Colorado, the race remained wide open. 
 Nepal appealed to Saudi Arabia, the United States, India and Iraq's government as well as the Red Cross for help in freeing a Nepalese man who was kidnapped this week in Baghdad, officials said Wednesday. 
 A timeline of events leading up to an accused U.S. Army deserter's surrender to military authorities. 
 Republicans captured Democratic seats in Georgia and South Carolina and reached out for renewed control of the Senate. Democratic Leader Tom Daschle faced a strong challenge in South Dakota. 
 Former Bush administration official Mitch Daniels unseated Democratic Gov. Joe Kernan in Indiana, while New Hampshire's one-term Republican Gov. Craig Benson faced an aggressive challenger as 11 states elected their top officials. 
 Gunmen opened fire on a Sunni Muslim mosque in the southern Pakistan city of Karachi early Wednesday, killing one worshipper and wounding two others, police said. 
 Barack Obama, the son of a Kenyan father and an American mother who shot from obscurity to political stardom in mere months, trounced Republican Alan Keyes to claim a Senate seat in Illinois. He will be just the third black U.S. senator since the post-Civil War Reconstruction era. 
 Republicans renewed their grip on the Senate and reached out for more, capturing Democratic seats across the south. Democratic leader Tom Daschle faced a strong challenge in South Dakota. 
 President George W. Bush and challenger John Kerry traded early swing-state victories Tuesday night, a tension-packed conclusion to a U.S. presidential race for the ages fought out over Iraq, the economy and terrorism. With results coming in from Connecticut to California, the race remained wide open. 
 Republicans defeated three veteran Texas Democrats and snatched an open Democratic seat in Kentucky as they glided toward extending their decade-long control of the House. 
 Americans in Asia washed down pizza, burgers and doughnuts with their breakfast coffee Wednesday as they skipped work to watch results trickle in from the hotly contested presidential election back home. 
 Republicans renewed their grip on the Senate and reached out for more, capturing Democratic seats across the south. Democratic leader Tom Daschle faced a strong challenge in South Dakota. 
 Malaysian carmaker Proton says two Volkswagen models it will assemble under a new deal will be sold in other Southeast Asian countries under the region's free trade area agreement. 
 The father of a British backpacker missing in Australia choked back tears Wednesday as he made an emotional plea for her to make contact with her family. 
 An Indonesian migrant worker was sentenced to a year in prison for kidnapping a Malaysian baby whom she had hoped to sell, news reports said Wednesday. 
 Republicans renewed their grip on the Senate and reached out for more, capturing Democratic seats across the south. Democratic leader Tom Daschle faced a strong challenge in South Dakota. 
 The U.S. Virgin Islands' nonvoting delegate to U.S. Congress looked set to win a fifth term, overcoming criticism that she hadn't done enough to combat 9.4 percent unemployment. 
 Republicans defeated three veteran Texas Democrats and snatched an open Democratic seat in Kentucky as they glided toward extending their decade-long control of the House. 
 American voters were in a pessimistic frame of mind Tuesday, worried about terrorist attacks, the economy and the war in Iraq. 
 Frankie Dettori was suspended for one month by racing stewards on Wednesday after pleading guilty to careless riding in Tuesday's Melbourne Cup at Flemington. 
 Crude futures briefly crossed above the US$50 barrier as prices went on a wild ride Wednesday, while traders waited for the latest U.S. oil stockpile data and maintained a vigil over results from the American presidential election. 
 Republicans renewed their grip on the Senate and reached out for more, capturing Democratic seats across the south. Democratic leader Tom Daschle faced a strong challenge in South Dakota. 
 People around the globe were glued to radios and televisions Wednesday as results rolled in from a U.S. presidential election many thought could rattle their stock markets, rock their economies and shake up a world already wracked by war. 
 Republicans defeated four veteran Texas Democrats and snatched an open Democratic seat in Kentucky as they glided toward extending their decade-long control of the House. 
 Philippine authorities grappled Wednesday with hostage crises in both Afghanistan and Iraq _ with little room for maneuver because Manila already withdrew its forces from one of those countries and has no official presence in the other. 
 President George W.Bush and challenger John Kerry traded big-state victories Tuesday night, then sweated out a tension-packed conclusion to a U.S. presidential race between an embattled incumbent and a Democrat who questioned the war the Republican waged in Iraq. It all came down to Ohio. 
 Republicans renewed their grip on the Senate and reached out for more, capturing a string of Democratic seats across the South. Democratic leader Tom Daschle faced a strong challenge in South Dakota. 
 The Bell Challenge lost its first seed of the US$170,000 event on Tuesday when qualifier Sesil Karatantcheva of Bulgaria beat No. 3 Mashona Washington of the United States 6-0, 6-2. 
 President George W. Bush and challenger John Kerry traded big-state victories Tuesday night, then sweated out a tension-packed conclusion to a U.S. presidential race between an embattled incumbent and a Democrat who questioned the war the Republican waged in Iraq. Ohio loomed as this year's Florida, the decisive state. 
 Shares in Asia made early gains Wednesday as investors reacted with relief to the end of a long, contentious U.S. presidential race, even with election results still to come. Softening oil prices also helped. 
 The race for Puerto Rico's next governor is so close that election officials are preparing for a possible recount, fueling a bitter election battle focusing on past corruption scandals and one candidate's desire to make the U.S. Caribbean territory the 51st U.S. state. 
 Flagship carrier Malaysia Airlines is planning to purchase 39 new jetliners in an estimated US$1 billion (euro 786 million) plan to replace nearly half of its fleet, a company executive said. 
 Californians have passed a $3 billion (euro2.4 billion) bond measure that represents a rejection of Bush administration policy and will put the state on the forefront of stem cell research. 
 Warnings that Muslim insurgents may try to abduct Buddhist teachers and students prompted most schools in the violence-wracked southern provinces of Thailand to close Wednesday, education officials said. 
 An American soldier who vanished from his Army unit in 1965 pleaded guilty Wednesday to deserting the military and fleeing to North Korea to avoid dangerous duty on the Korean peninsula and Vietnam. He faced a maximum sentence of life in prison. 
 Republicans renewed their grip on the Senate and reached out for more, capturing a string of Democratic seats across the South. Democratic leader Tom Daschle struggled for political survival in South Dakota. 
 Militants threatening to kill three U.N. hostages said Wednesday that a noon deadline could be postponed for negotiations on demands that include the world body's withdrawal from Afghanistan. 
 A mine explosion killed a government official and police arrested a mid-ranking Taliban commander in Afghanistan's troubled southeast, officials said. 
 Mindful of the spectacular failure of their blown calls four years ago, television networks proceeded with caution as election results came in Tuesday. 
 Republicans defeated four veteran Texas Democrats and snatched an open Democratic seat in Kentucky as they marched to the brink of extending their decade-long control of the House. 
 Relatives of two Muslim rebels allegedly killed by government militiamen attacked militia outposts in the southern Philippines on Wednesday, and the military said it was trying to prevent clashes from jeopardizing a year-old truce. 
 A heavy explosion rocked central Baghdad Wednesday. 
 Portugal's FC Porto and Colombian side Once Caldas will meet in the 25th and final edition of the Toyota Cup, organizers said Wednesday. 
 Republicans tightened their grip on the Senate early Wednesday, capturing a string of Democratic seats across the South. Democratic leader Tom Daschle struggled for political survival in South Dakota. 
 An Indonesian boat captain has been jailed for three months for trying to smuggle some 40,000 reticulated python and monitor lizard skins into Singapore, local media reported Wednesday. 
 Legions of gamblers strongly backed U.S. President George W. Bush to win the U.S. presidential election, an Australian betting agency said Wednesday. 
 Republicans tightened their grip on the Senate early Wednesday, capturing a string of Democratic seats across the South. Democratic leader Tom Daschle struggled for political survival in South Dakota. 
 Police said Wednesday they foiled an alleged plan by a serial killer known as "The Serpent" to drug guards and escape from a prison in Nepal, where he is serving a life sentence for murdering two Western backpackers in 1975. 
 Republicans extended their decade-long hold on the House of Representatives for another two years, knocking off four veteran Texas Democrats along the way. Among their few setbacks was the defeat of the longest serving Republican member of the chamber, Rep. Phil Crane. 
 After two chaotic elections and concerns over whether votes would be counted properly in Florida, the state that decided the 2000 U.S. presidential election witnessed only minor problems, although a handful of voters remained in line to cast their ballots early Wednesday. 
 People around the globe were glued to radios and televisions Wednesday as results rolled in from a U.S. presidential election many thought could rattle their stock markets, rock their economies and shake up a world already wracked by war. 
 Taiwan said Wednesday it has established formal diplomatic relations with the South Pacific nation of Vanuatu _ a victory in this island's intense competition with China for global recognition. 
 A measles outbreak on a remote island in eastern Indonesia has killed 26 children, medical officials said Wednesday. 
 Ralph Nader ended his latest presidential bid Tuesday with a fraction of the votes he won four years ago, but he vowed to continue his insurgent campaign against corporate domination of American politics. 
 John Kerry won the duck vote by a landslide. 
 Iraqi police said Wednesday a Lebanese American contractor was kidnapped overnight from his Baghdad home. 
 Republicans tightened their grip on the Senate early Wednesday, capturing a string of Democratic seats across the South. Democratic leader Tom Daschle struggled for political survival in South Dakota. 
 Four Jordanian drivers have been kidnapped in Iraq and two others have come under gunfire from unknown assailants, government spokeswoman Asma Khader said Wednesday. 
 Colorado sent Democrat Ken Salazar to the U.S. Senate on Tuesday, making him the first Hispanic senator in more than a quarter century. 
 Seven mobile phone companies with a subscriber base of 56 million across Asia announced on Wednesday a joint venture that will develop technology to build a common service platform across the region. 
 A key European election monitor said Wednesday that teams received a warm reception during a visit to voting precincts across the United States, but she stopped short of assessing the conduct of the election. 
 President George W.Bush and challenger John Kerry sweated out a tension-packed conclusion to the U.S. presidential race between an embattled incumbent and a Democrat who questioned the war he waged in Iraq and the many jobs lost at home. Ohio loomed as this year's Florida, the decisive state, with Kerry's options dwindling. 
 The father of a British backpacker missing in Australia choked back tears Wednesday as he made an emotional plea for her to make contact with her family. 
 The presidential race of 2004 lumbered into history as the longest and the costliest, a wartime election with a nail-biter of a finish and a bitter residue of political division and polarization. 
 President George W.Bush and challenger John Kerry sweated out a tension-packed conclusion to the U.S. presidential race between a hard-charging Democrat and a Republican incumbent battered by war in Iraq and joblessness at home. Ohio loomed as this year's Florida, the decisive state, with Kerry's options dwindling. 
 About 5,000 people greeted Cambodia's new king Wednesday as he made his first trip to the countryside since being crowned last week. 
 Former U.S. Open champion Corey Pavin said Wednesday he's playing for his caddie this week _ who also happens to be his wife _ at the inaugural Vietnam Masters. 
 Insurgents fired mortars near a U.S. base north of Baghdad, killing one child and injuring three others, the U.S. military said Wednesday. 
 Myanmar plans to next year begin retrieving cultural treasures that have been buried under riverbeds for centuries, a local cultural journal reported Wednesday. 
 A senior Oil Ministry official was killed Wednesday by gunmen on his way to work, the ministry's spokesman said. 
 Provisional ballots, a presidential wild card in battleground Ohio, are part of the national election reforms prompted by the election meltdown in Florida four years ago. 
 The body of a whale resembling a giant dolphin that washed up on an eastern Australian beach has intrigued local scientists, who agreed Wednesday that it is rare but are not sure just how rare. 
 Gold bullion opened Wednesday at a bid price of US$420.65 a troy ounce, down from US$420.80 late Tuesday. 
 Gold closed at US$421.65 an ounce on Wednesday in Hong Kong, down US$4.35 an ounce from Tuesday's close of US$426.00. 
 President George W. Bush will declare re-election victory, aides said Wednesday morning, as Democratic rival John Kerry refused to concede linchpin Ohio or the presidency. 
 Albania's Parliament appealed Wednesday to Macedonia's population not to take part in a referendum next week aimed at blocking legislation granting ethnic Albanians greater autonomy, saying it would threaten peace and stability in the region. 
 The governor's race in Puerto Rico was so close that electoral officials said a recount was a near certainty to confirm whether the territory's delegate to the U.S. Congress held off a comeback by an ex-governor aiming to make the island the 51st U.S. state. 
 Republicans tightened their grip on the Senate early Wednesday, dealing a crushing defeat to Democratic Leader Tom Daschle in South Dakota and capturing a string of seats across the South. 
 Republicans tightened their grip on the Senate early Wednesday, dealing a crushing defeat to Democratic Leader Tom Daschle in South Dakota and capturing a string of seats across the South. 
 Prince Charles and his companion Camilla Parker Bowles will not attend the wedding of his godson this weekend, sparking reports in Wednesday's newspapers that they refused to be seated apart. 
 Republicans tightened their grip on the Senate early Wednesday, dealing a crushing defeat to Democratic Leader Tom Daschle in South Dakota and capturing a string of seats across the South. 
 A former police officer from the southern Russian region of Ingushetia was among the attackers who seized more than 1,000 hostages in a school, the Vremya Novostei daily reported Wednesday. 
 A car bomber detonated his vehicle Wednesday at an airport checkpoint in Baghdad, injuring nine people, U.S. military and hospital officials said. 
 Reading much of the same election results, television networks diverged early Wednesday in projecting a winner in the key state of Ohio _ an illustration of caution caused by blown calls of four years ago. 
 Jordan's prime minister vowed Wednesday to help Iraq uproot terrorism and restore security as the Jordanian government announced four more Jordanian drivers have been abducted, part of a rash of kidnappings targeting foreigners working in chaotic Iraq. 
 The U.S. Embassy in Uzbekistan warned Americans on Wednesday to be vigilant when shopping at the Central Asian country's bustling bazaars following violence between traders and police sparked by new trade laws. 
 Clouds and isolated rainfall were expected Thursday over Northern Morocco, northeast Algeria, Tunisia and coastal Libya. 
 Virender Sehwag was an early casualty Wednesday as India got off to a shaky start in a rain-delayed fourth and final test against Australia, before the weather forced an early tea. 
 Ohio emerged as the likely setting for another overtime presidential court fight, with the focus this time on tens of thousands of uncounted ballots cast by people who would otherwise have been turned away from the polls. 
 The Netherlands has donated euro1 million (US$1.2 million) to the International Commission on Missing Persons in Bosnia for the search for missing persons, the commission said Wednesday. 
 Iraq's interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi said that whatever the outcome of the U.S. presidential elections his country will remain a friend the United States and appreciate its support, in an interview published Wednesday. 
 A fire raced through a slum in Bangladesh's capital Wednesday, leaving about 1,000 people homeless, an official said. No casualties were reported. 
 A judge extended the bail Wednesday for main opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai until January 13 on a second treason charge that alleges he plotted to overthrow President Robert Mugabe. 
 The Ugandan government on Wednesday dismissed a rebel offer for peace talks, saying it will continue military and psychological operations against the insurgents whose attacks have forced more than 1.5 million to flee their homes. 
 Ohio emerged as the likely setting for another overtime presidential court fight, with the focus this time on tens of thousands of uncounted ballots cast by people who would otherwise have been turned away from the polls. 
 Crude oil futures surged above US$51 on Wednesday, then fell back a bit in volatile trading on the oil markets as traders anxiously watched results from the U.S. presidential election. 
 Hamid Karzai has won Afghanistan's landmark presidential election, a spokesman for its electoral board said Wednesday, after investigators concluded that fraud and technical errors were too minor to overturn his triumph. 
 Ninety people have been infected with hepatitis in a central Romanian city _ half of those stricken are children, a television station reported Wednesday. 
 Stepping up a crackdown on corruption, Malaysia's ruling party on Wednesday suspended 16 members, including a lawmaker, on suspicions of buying votes for senior offices, the national news agency reported. 
 Shares rallied across Asia and surged in Europe on Wednesday as investors reacted with relief to the end of a long, contentious U.S. presidential race, even with final election results still in doubt. 
 Ronaldinho's spectacular strike which earned Barcelona a Champions League victory over AC Milan was described as "unforgettable" by his coach, Frank Rijkaard, news reports said Wednesday. 
 President George W. Bush crept close to re-election early Wednesday, leading challenger John Kerry in a campaign cliffhanger. The state of Ohio, where results were too close to call, held the key, stirring echoes of Florida in 2000 _ but this time Bush's advantage was substantial. 
 A Russian cargo ship with 28 crew members aboard went missing in the Sea of Japan _ the second catastrophe in a gale off Russia's Pacific coast in just one day, officials said Wednesday. 
 A border crossing between Bosnia and Serbia-Montenegro that had been closed since the 1992-95 Bosnian war reopened Wednesday. 
 Shares rallied across Asia on Wednesday as investors reacted with relief to the end of a long, contentious U.S. presidential race, even with final election results still in doubt. 
 Flagship carrier Malaysia Airlines is planning to purchase 39 new jetliners in an estimated US$1 billion (euro 786 million) plan to replace nearly half of its fleet, a company executive said. 
 President George W. Bush crept close to re-election early Wednesday, leading challenger John Kerry in a campaign cliffhanger. The state of Ohio, where results were too close to call, held the key, stirring echoes of Florida in 2000 _ but this time Bush's advantage was substantial. 
 LL Cool J has canceled the remaining 12 dates on his tour due to an abdominal ailment. 
 Just a few kilometers (miles) from the surf and sand the Beach Boys celebrated, the city will dedicate a monument where Brian, Carl and Dennis Wilson grew up. 
 Two students have pleaded not guilty to charges that they plotted an attack on their high school. 
 Yielding to pressure from opposition parties, the government has agreed to consult immediately with Spain's highest court on whether the European Union constitution clashes with this country's own charter, officials said Wednesday. 
 The British government said Wednesday it aims to cut the number of juveniles in jail by 10 percent. 
 Ethiopian police have arrested a trader and seized two tons of expired chemical pesticide that he was selling at knockdown prices, an official said Wednesday. 
 Americans overseas flocked together Wednesday to watch the U.S. presidential election unfold and wonder whether the winner can do anything to ease their fears over security and a growing sense of alienation from the rest of the world. 
 The British government Wednesday expressed sorrow at the death of the United Arab Emirates President Sheik Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan. 
 A majority of Danes would approve the new European Union constitution in a referendum, according to a poll released Wednesday. 
 Abkhazia's rival presidential candidates wrapped up consultations in Moscow on Wednesday without ending the controversy around the vote in Georgia's separatist region. 
 Dozens of ethnic Albanians blocked a key road in Kosovo's capital Wednesday, calling on authorities to resolve the fate of thousands who vanished more than five years ago during Kosovo's war. 
 The body of a 24-year-old Japanese backpacker beheaded by militants in Iraq arrived home Wednesday, as his father said he was "filled with unbearable emotion" at the death of his son. 
 Two North Korean diplomats and their Russian driver were killed in a road accident in Russia's Far East, officials said Wednesday. 
 Kazakhstan's newly elected legislature on Wednesday chose a deputy from the ruling Otan party to be parliament speaker. 
 A lion attacked a man who jumped into the animal's enclosure and shouted "Jesus will save you!" at the big cat Wednesday at the zoo in Taiwan's capital. 
 Less than a week after celebrating his team's victory in the World Series, Boston Red Sox outfielder Manny Ramirez is in Japan for some sushi and more baseball. 
 A grey heron found dead near Hong Kong's border with mainland China had avian flu, but there were no signs that the bird has spread the deadly virus that's killed 32 people in Asia this year, officials said Wednesday. 
 Vienna got a touch of Christmas on Wednesday with the arrival of a giant 27-meter (88-foot) tree that will adorn the capital's central Rathausplatz during the holiday season. 
 Kosovo's largest ethnic Albanian party won general elections in this U.N.-run province, but failed to gain the absolute majority needed to govern alone and will have to form a coalition government, according to final results released Wednesday. 
 John Roberts was appointed on Wednesday as manager of Scottish Premier League side Hearts. 
 The big surprise of the 2004 U.S. election: For the most part, voters got to do their business smoothly. 
 Archaeologists have found remnants of an Iron Age hut at a building site on the outskirts of Prague, a newspaper reported Wednesday. 
 Opener Virender Sehwag was an early casualty Wednesday as just 11 overs were bowled and India struggled to 22 for two on a rain-hit opening day of the fourth and final cricket test against Australia. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair displayed some deft comic timing at the House of Commons on Wednesday in hedging his bet on the winner of the U.S. presidential election. 
 Dozens of Islamic militants were released from Tunisian prisons as part of a mass pardon accorded earlier this week by President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, newspapers and a lawyer said Wednesday. 
 One U.S. soldier was killed and another injured when a roadside bomb exploded Wednesday southeast of Baghdad, the U.S. military said. 
 Outsourcing may have been a hot U.S. political issue for a time, but Indian business leaders said Wednesday that the presidential election showed Americans never equated it with U.S. job losses _ and that the practice will continue no matter who wins. 
 Gunshots rang out at the main prison in Ivory Coast's commercial capital on Wednesday, one day after a riot over scarce water left at least seven people dead, an aid worker said. 
 U.S. President George W. Bush's lead in Tuesday's presidential vote, though not a clear victory, cheered many in Asia who had feared that a change in Washington might hurt trade and investment in the region. 
 Acer Inc., the world's fifth-largest computer maker, said Wednesday it expects its global revenue to increase by 30 percent to 40 percent in 2005 compared to this year. 
 A woman who took three people hostage at a Caterpillar factory was apparently upset over a friend being fired by the construction equipment manufacturer. 
 A Croat truck driver who is being held on suspicion of espionage in an Iraqi prison run by U.S. troops will be granted a phone call to his family, an official from the Foreign Ministry said Wednesday. 
 A record 15 783 spectators packed Prague's Sazka Arena to see National Hockey League star Jaromir Jagr in action for Kladno against Slavia Prague in a Czech league match Tuesday night. 
 Serbia's police are "intensively" searching for fugitives wanted by the U.N. war crimes tribunal, but their priority is to make them voluntarily surrender, the interior minister said Wednesday. 
 You've seen Imelda Staunton before _ possibly in period garb, probably stealing a scene from more famous co-stars. 
 Ohio, mother to seven presidents, is used to being in the center of presidential elections. Just two presidents have taken the White House without winning the state since 1900. 
 Republican and Democratic lawyers converged on Ohio for a potential new overtime presidential court fight, with the focus this time on tens of thousands of uncounted ballots cast by people who would otherwise have been turned away from the polls. 
 A stuffed pet owl, a comforting letter and _ inevitably _ a lantern: a series of seemingly ordinary items displayed in London Wednesday evoke the terrible casualties of Britain's 19th century war in the Crimea, and the woman who nursed them. 
 Luxury automaker BMW saw its earnings rise 7.6 percent in the third quarter, the company said Wednesday, boosted by new models such as the X3 sport utility vehicle and the 6-series coupe. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair on Wednesday pledged to work with Washington to reinvigorate the Middle East peace process. 
 British Prime Minister Tony Blair on Wednesday congratulated Hamid Karzai, who was declared the winner of Afghanistan's first-ever presidential election. 
 Slovene President Janez Drnovsek appointed conservative leader Janez Jansa on Wednesday as Prime Minister-designate of the tiny Alpine republic. 
 For John Kerry to win Ohio, he must look to a yet-to-be calculated number of uncounted votes and hope he can win enough to overcome President George W. Bush's lead in the state. 
 Four people were arrested on suspicion of secretly recording couples having sex at Athens hotels and selling the images on the Internet, police said Wednesday. 
 Assailants opened machine-gun and grenade fire on Iraqi National Guard members at a checkpoint in central Iraq, but no one was injured, a Polish military spokesman said Wednesday. 
 For weeks Ohio Secretary of State Kenneth Blackwell has generated controversy while deciding how voters in this crucial swing state can go about choosing a president. Now the Republican is being called on to usher the presidential election to a conclusion. 
 Two weeks ago, Arsenal was riding a record unbeaten streak. Now, the Gunners can't seem to win a game, and Chelsea has emerged as English soccer's dominant side. 
 Premier League club Portsmouth is to offer former Manchester United star George Best a seat on the board of directors. 
 Maybe Massimo Maccarone should have stayed with Middlesbrough after all. 
 Austrian judges and prosecutors stayed away from work for two hours Wednesday to protest what they called impossible working conditions and understaffed courts. 
 Sale hooker Sebastien Bruno was a surprize call up Wednesday to the French rugby union squad to face Australia in an upcoming test match at Stade de France. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair on Wednesday urged insurgents in the Iraqi city of Fallujah to lay down their arms and participate in peaceful elections. 
 A group of parents whose children were slain by teenagers urged Bulgarian lawmakers Wednesday to change the law so that youths convicted of murder can be sentenced to life in prison. 
 An ethnic Albanian man has been arrested and indicted on charges of intimidating witnesses in an upcoming war crimes trial, his lawyer said Wednesday. 
 Slovene President Janez Drnovsek appointed conservative leader Janez Jansa on Wednesday as prime minister-designate of the small Alpine republic. 
 Puerto Rico's delegate to the U.S. Congress has won a narrow victory over a former pro-statehood governor, according to preliminary results in the race Wednesday, but officials said there will be a recount because only a fraction of a percentage point separates the two. 
 Time Warner Inc., the world's largest media company, said Wednesday that its third quarter earnings slid 8 percent as it set aside a $500 million (euro392 million) reserve because of pending government investigations. 
 The European Union's head office said Wednesday it would send a euro6.2 million (US$7.9 million) humanitarian aid package to North Korea. 
 NATO chief Jaap de Hoop Scheffer on Wednesday congratulated Hamid Karzai on his election as Afghanistan's president, and said the alliance stood ready to help the Afghan leader stabilize his country. 
 Slovak Foreign Minister Eduard Kukan said Wednesday that relations between his country and the United States will remain very good regardless of who wins the presidential election there. 
 InBev SA, the world's largest brewer by volume, said Wednesday that business in the first nine months of this year generated 'solid growth' in sales, turnover and volume. 
 The army stormed a village mosque and killed five suspected Islamic insurgents after a four-hour gunbattle Wednesday in the Indian portion of Kashmir, security forces said, and violence elsewhere in the Himalayan region killed six people. 
 Angry protesters stormed and ransacked a local electricity company in northeastern Guinea to protest a local electricity price hike, residents said Wednesday. 
 Bradford striker Dean Windass and manager Colin Todd were charged with misconduct by the Football Association on Wednesday for taunting a referee. 
 The Norwegian Embassy in the Latvian capital of Riga reopened Wednesday after being closed for two days because of terror fears. 
 Some 140 Dutch livestock farms have been closed due to worries about dioxin contamination, the Agriculture Ministry said Wednesday. 
 Germany's unemployment rate dipped to 10.1 percent in October, but the recovery of Europe's biggest economy has yet to make an impact on the job market, the government's labor agency said Wednesday. 
 A Muslim woman, whose father and neighbors were burned alive by Hindu rioters two years ago, accused a human rights activist Wednesday of threatening to kill her if she didn't testify against the attackers. 
 The embattled chief executive of Ireland's governing body for soccer resigned Wednesday over mounting allegations of mismanagement. 
 A minibus swerved to avoid a child and went into a canal, killing 10 people and injuring eight others in northern Egypt on Wednesday, police said. 
 Romanian authorities destroyed more than 150,000 pirated CDs, DVDS and videos, crushing them with a bulldozer in the middle of a bustling marketplace. 
 Kazakhstan's president warned the country's business elite Wednesday not to seek political influence and criticized them for stifling competition in the oil-rich nation. 
 Thousands of people marched through Nigeria's biggest city on Wednesday in a show of support for an upcoming general strike against fuel price hikes _ a shutdown that union leaders warn will freeze the flow of oil from the world's seventh-biggest oil exporter. 
 Croatia welcomed more tourists this spring and summer than in any other year since gaining independence in 1991, a Cabinet minister said Wednesday. 
 Since beating Mike Tyson three months ago, Danny Williams figures he's more than ready for Vitali Klitschko. 
 Challengers on Wednesday conceded that the U.S. Virgin Islands' nonvoting delegate to U.S. Congress had won a fifth term, despite criticism she hadn't done enough to combat high unemployment. 
 John Rios voted for only the second time in his life _ for President George W. Bush _ and he didn't much like the experience at the polls. 
 A militant Muslim group claimed on Wednesday to have beheaded an Iraqi Army officer that they captured in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul. Arabic TV station Al-Jazeera also broadcast a tape in which a previously unknown group claimed to have beheaded three Iraqi National Guards. 
 More than 500,000 tickets for the Turin 2006 Winter Olympics go on sale Thursday. 
 Five people died in a shootout Wednesday between rival gangs that also injured nine people, including a 6-year-old boy. 
 The Tamil Tiger rebels and Sri Lanka's government must take immediate steps to resume peace talks or the country could return to civil war, U.S. Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage warned. 
 Orders placed with U.S. factories fell for the second consecutive month in September, the Commerce Department said Wednesday, with demand dropping sharply for manufactured goods other than defense materials. 
 A court in southern Uzbekistan has convicted 34 men on terrorism charges in connection with attacks this year that left dozens dead, a rights activist said Wednesday. 
 Dignitaries who participated in Wednesday's funeral prayers for late Emirates President Sheik Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan: 
 Turkmen President Saparmurat Niyazov removed criminal penalties for violating laws on public organizations and signed the country's first-ever drug law, according to decrees issued Wednesday amid international criticism of his authoritarian regime. 
 Pakistan's prime minister said Wednesday that a South Asian regional forum should be used to foster trade and fight poverty among its impoverished members, officials said. 
 Rock guitarist Eric Clapton set aside his "rebellious streak" Wednesday to become a Commander of the Order of the British Empire, or CBE. 
 The European Union will officially take over the peacekeeping mission in Bosnia from NATO on Dec. 2, the future commander of the mission said Wednesday. 
 In the months after the Sept. 11 terror attacks, Africa found an unlikely benefactor in President George W. Bush. 
 Inter Milan coach Roberto Mancini received a two-match touchline ban Wednesday after insulting the referee in his side's 1-1 draw with Lazio on Saturday. 
 Hard-line students burned U.S. flags Wednesday and effigies of U.S. President George W. Bush to mark the 25th anniversary of the takeover of the U.S. Embassy in Tehran, while Iranian officials accused Washington of undermining Iranian goodwill gestures for better ties. 
 The European Parliament could open confirmation hearings for members of the new European Commission next week if incoming leader Jose Manuel Barroso quickly designates his new team, the legislature's president said Wednesday. 
 A top World Bank official on Wednesday urged Kyrgyzstan to fight corruption to improve its economy. 
 A former bus driver suspected of killing seven mentally handicapped women in eastern France more than 25 years ago finally went to court on Wednesday in a trial that has riveted France. 
 Manchester City manager Kevin Keegan on Wednesday accepted a charge of verbally abusing a referee following his side's 4-3 defeat to Newcastle. 
 President Jacques Chirac of France expressed deep sorrow on Wednesday over the death of United Arab Emirates President Sheik Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan, describing him as a "man of peace and vision." 
 A British government body failed Wednesday in its legal bid to stop its employees from joining a 24-hour strike by civil servants who are protesting the government's decision to ax more than 100,000 jobs. 
 A U.S. citizen has been found guilty of drug trafficking and sentenced to three years in prison, an official said Wednesday. 
 An Algerian man who once faced terrorism charges in Britain appeared at an asylum hearing Wednesday, saying that he could be imprisoned, tortured or executed if he is sent home. 
 Republicans toppled Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle, winning their biggest Senate prize after sweeping through the South to enlarge their majority. 
 Switzerland's justice minister Wednesday dismissed criticism of the way the country's intelligence-gathering and law-enforcement services dealt with an alleged Islamic terrorist chief. 
 London's specialist armed police, who refused or threatened to stop carrying guns after two colleagues were suspended, agreed to resume their duties Wednesday following negotiations with their chief. 
 An international press freedom group on Wednesday urged Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko to end what it called a "campaign against independent media." 
 Bucharest Mayor Traian Basescu, a leading presidential contender, said Wednesday that if elected, his government would reassess three major contracts recently signed by the current government. 
 Intelligence agents arrested two Sunni Muslim militants after a shootout in the eastern Pakistani city of Lahore on Wednesday, an official said. 
 Orders placed with U.S. factories fell for the second consecutive month in September, the first back-to-back decline in two years. Demand dropped sharply for manufactured goods other than defense materials, the Commerce Department reported Wednesday. 
 Millwall player-manager Dennis Wise and assistant Ray Wilkins signed contract extensions Wednesday to keep them with the London club through next season. 
 President George W. Bush won a second term from a divided and anxious nation, his promise of steady, strong wartime leadership trumping John Kerry's fresh-start approach to Iraq and joblessness. After a long, tense night of vote counting, the Democrat called Bush to concede Ohio and the presidency, The Associated Press learned. 
 A man unhappy with the food service on the train was sentenced to nearly four years in prison for making calls from his cell phone saying there was a bomb on board. 
 Kenya's President Mwai Kibaki on Wednesday congratulated Barack Obama, the son of a Kenyan economist and an American woman, for his election as the fifth black U.S. senator in history. 
 President George W. Bush won a second term from a divided and anxious nation, his promise of steady, strong wartime leadership trumping John Kerry's fresh-start approach to Iraq and joblessness. After a long, tense night of vote counting, the Democrat called Bush Wednesday to concede Ohio and the presidency, The Associated Press learned. 
 Seventh seed Gaston Gaudio crashed out in the second round of the Paris Masters on Wednesday, losing 7-5, 3-6, 6-1 to Spaniard Feliciano Lopez. 
 Palestinians, nervously awaiting medical test results of their leader Yasser Arafat, said Wednesday they are willing to work with any U.S. administration that can get the peace process with Israel back on track. 
 France offered congratulations Wednesday to Afghanistan's President Hamid Karzai, officially declared the winner of his country's first presidential election. 
 President George W. Bush won a second term from a divided and anxious nation, his promise of steady, strong wartime leadership trumping John Kerry's fresh-start approach to Iraq and joblessness. After a long, tense night of vote counting, the Democrat called Bush Wednesday to concede Ohio and the presidency, The Associated Press learned. 
 President George W. Bush won a second term from a divided and anxious nation, his promise of steady, strong wartime leadership trumping John Kerry's fresh-start approach to Iraq and joblessness. After a long, tense night of vote counting, the Democrat called Bush Wednesday to concede Ohio and the presidency, The Associated Press learned. 
 Increased global demand generated an 11 percent surge in Finnish paper and paperboard production in the third quarter, with a record output of 3.7 million metric tons (4 million short tons), industry officials said Wednesday. 
 Russian President Vladimir Putin on Wednesday hailed George W. Bush as a "predictable partner" and said that if his lead in the U.S. presidential election is confirmed, it would mean the American people had not given in to the threats of international terrorists. 
 U.S. President George W. Bush's election victory stirred reactions ranging from relief to outrage in Afghanistan and Pakistan, and fears over what four more years of the war on terror could mean for the Muslim world. 
 Republican Mel Martinez, a Cuban emigre who left President George W. Bush's Cabinet to run for the Senate, narrowly defeated Democrat Betty Castor to complete a Republican sweep in Senate races across the South. 
 Russian President Vladimir Putin on Wednesday hailed George W. Bush as a "predictable partner" and said that if his lead in the U.S. presidential election is confirmed, it would mean the American people had not given in to the threats of international terrorists. 
 Russian oil giant Yukos is "close to insolvency" and will call an emergency shareholders meeting for next month to consider possible bankruptcy in the wake of nearly US$10 billion (euro7.9 billion) in new tax bills from Russian authorities, the company's chief executive said Wednesday. 
 The U.S. dollar fell against other major currencies in European trading Wednesday. Gold prices rose. 
 Germany's conservative opposition leader repeated in a lecture on Wednesday that Turkey should not be admitted into the European Union, saying that the Muslim country does not meet the union's standards. 
 Police detained four suspected radical Muslims on the day a Dutch filmmaker was murdered, Dutch television reported Wednesday. 
 Rockwell Collins Inc., the maker of aircraft electronics, said its income rose 18 percent in the latest quarter, helped by strong sales to the military. 
 Turkey expects European Union leaders to endorse a proposal from the bloc's executive arm to open entry talks with Ankara, the Turkish foreign minister said Wednesday. 
 Driven by an intense race for the presidency, a greater percentage of Americans voted Tuesday than at any time in more than three decades. 
 Ending one of the Army's longest desertion cases, Charles Robert Jenkins was sentenced to 30 days in a military jail Wednesday for abandoning his unit on a freezing hillside to cross over into North Korea nearly 40 years ago. 
 The Phonak cycling team is challenging the validity of the drug test which nearly cost Tyler Hamilton his Olympic gold medal. 
 Austrian experts have found no evidence that Viktor Yushchenko, a top Ukrainian opposition leader and leading contender for the country's presidential election, was poisoned, a Ukrainian lawmaker said Wednesday. 
 U.S. voters credited President George W. Bush with protecting the country and trusted him more than Sen. John Kerry to take on the terrorists. That offset their displeasure with the economy and the course of the war in Iraq. 
 The board of Gold Fields Ltd. urged shareholders Wednesday to reject a US$8.1 billion (euro6.36 billion) hostile takeover bid by South African gold producer Harmony Gold Mining Co. Ltd., saying the offer was too low and would destroy shareholder value. 
 A British reservist accused of killing a fellow soldier in Iraq was cleared of manslaughter by a court martial Wednesday. 
 Share prices rose Wednesday on the London Stock Exchange. 
 Some spent months campaigning overseas, and they turned out in growing numbers to cast absentee ballots. But the votes of Americans living abroad not only didn't play a key role in this election _ many didn't even get a chance to be counted. 
 The Dominica High Court has ruled the government has a right to cut the wages of government workers if it serves the public interest. 
 Sheik Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan has been chosen as president of the United Arab Emirates, the official Emirates news agency WAM reported. 
 German government plans to close more than 100 military bases and cut 49,000 jobs drew criticism Wednesday from opposition conservatives and a labor union. 
 A court Wednesday sentenced an 80-year-old lawyer to 2 1/2 years in prison for helping criminal gangs from Albania launder more than 10 million Swiss francs (US$8.3 million; euro6.5 million). 
 The re-election of U.S. President George W. Bush is a victory for a "relentless fight against terrorism," a senior adviser to Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Wednesday. 
 President George W. Bush heads into his second term with the stabilization of Iraq under a democratic government as his top policy goal. But he also has unfinished domestic business, including making his sweeping tax cuts permanent, reforming Social Security, and promoting energy production. 
 Mianne Bagger on Wednesday became the first transsexual golfer to qualify for the Ladies European Tour. 
 Stocks surged Wednesday, with the Dow Jones industrials posting a triple-digit gain as investors expressed relief after Senator John Kerry conceded the election to President George W. Bush. A drop in oil prices also helped boost shares. 
 French drinks group Pernod Ricard SA posted a slight increase in third-quarter sales Wednesday, saying strong Asian demand for its Chivas Regal whisky and other spirits helped offset the effects of the weak dollar. 
 A Mauritanian judge formerly charged the country's three top opposition leaders on Wednesday for their alleged roles in a failed coup attempt in September, a lawyer for the accused said. 
 After a long night of poll watching and an hour or two of sleep, President George W. Bush was back in the Oval Office Wednesday when he got the call he was waiting for: John Kerry was on the line to concede. 
 Moldova has made some economic progress, but the government must speed up structural reforms in order to regain access to foreign loans, an International Monetary Fund official said Wednesday. 
 Troops clashed with a group of protesters that invaded the compound of an oil company to demand jobs in Nigeria's southern oil-port city of Warri, a military official said Wednesday. 
 The European Union on Wednesday granted a loan of euro200 million (US$255 million) for a natural gas-fired power plant in Syria, the largest EU financing ever extended to the Mideast nation. 
 Carla Del Ponte, the United Nations war crimes prosecutor, told the NATO allies Wednesday she was "deeply disappointed" they end their Bosnia peacekeeping mission next month without having arrested key figures accused of Balkan war crimes. 
 German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder held back on congratulating President Bush for winning a second term as U.S. president on Wednesday, even as news filtered out that challenger John Kerry had conceded the election. 
 European stocks ended higher Wednesday, as investors judged George W. Bush's outright victory in the U.S. presidential election beneficial to equity markets. 
 France has expelled 12,000 illegal immigrants so far this year _ 60 percent more than a year ago _ and will boost spending for a broader crackdown in 2005, the interior minister said Wednesday. 
 The big surprise of the 2004 U.S. election: For the most part, the voting went smoothly. 
 President Vladimir Putin and Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi called for a unified front against terrorism, saying Wednesday that violence against civilians could never be justified. 
 England will play the Netherlands in a soccer friendly in February, the third time the national team has played the Dutch under coach Sven-Goran Eriksson. 
 An 18-year-old woman was beaten, raped and strangled to death outside an abandoned house in Ciudad Juarez, a city that has been plagued by a string of killings of young women, police said Wednesday. 
 Former Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu is expected to be given a drug ban of several months when he appears before a Football Association hearing on Thursday. 
 Dutch prosecutors said Wednesday police have arrested eight suspected Islamic radicals as part of investigations into the brutal killing of outspoken Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh. 
 New Zealand's Prime Minister Helen Clark on Thursday congratulated U.S. President George W. Bush on his re-election. 
 A car exploded in the capital of the troubled southern Russia region of Dagestan Wednesday in an apparent assassination attempt against a top regional official, a police official said. 
 Many Iraqis shrugged their shoulders Wednesday with news that President George W. Bush had won re-election. They hadn't expected American policy toward their country to change much, no matter who won. 
 Adidas is recalling about 187,000 pairs of basketball shoes because the sole of the heel can tear or separate during use, the Consumer Product Safety Commission said Wednesday. 
 Experiments in which new cancer drugs are tested on patients are not as risky as they were a decade ago, according to a study that found a sharp drop in deaths from 1991 to 2002. 
 Jamaica's lower house of parliament approved a measure to apply an entry tax on tourists despite objections from opposition legislators that the move will deter travel to the Caribbean island. 
 Back from injury, Elton Flatley and Mat Rogers will sit alongside Wendell Sailor on the bench when Australia opens its Northern Hemisphere tour against Scotland on Saturday. 
 The U.S. Supreme Court considered Wednesday whether people convicted of a crime abroad can be barred from owning a gun in the United States. 
 George W. Bush was the first U.S. president to call for an independent Palestinian state and has pledged that his administration, unlike its predecessors, won't shore up Arab dictators. 
 The government opened an investigation Wednesday, including police searches, into alleged false accounting practices regarding travel arrangements made for officials drawing up defense contracts between British defense giant BAE Systems PLC and the Saudi Arabian government. 
 As George W. Bush clinched victory in the U.S. presidential election Wednesday, British bookmakers made Hillary Clinton favorite to win the 2008 vote. 
 President George W. Bush won four more years in the White House on Wednesday, pocketing a public concession from Democrat John Kerry that closed out a loud and long campaign fought over the war on terror and the economy. 
 President George W. Bush won four more years in the White House on Wednesday, pocketing a public concession from Democrat John Kerry that closed out a loud and long campaign fought over the war on terror and the economy. 
 Republicans toppled Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle, winning their biggest Senate prize after sweeping the South, including a Florida seat Wednesday. 
 Suez Canal revenues broke a monthly record in October and are heading toward an annual record of US$3 billion for 2004, according to the chairman of the Suez Canal Authority. 
 Lockheed Martin Corp. hasn't ruled out bidding on a contract to supply air tankers to the Air Force, Chief Executive Robert Stevens said Wednesday. 
 House Republicans looked ahead Wednesday to two more years in power with an expanded majority and a president and Senate of their own political persuasion _ and held out hope of further gains in Louisiana. 
 Sen. John Kerry brought his long White House campaign to an end Wednesday, conceding the presidential election to George W. Bush and saying the time had come to "begin the healing." 
 Dutch airline KLM said Wednesday it canceled 59 flights and hundreds of passengers were stranded at Schiphol Airport because of a cloud of ash hanging above Europe. 
 The State Department urged the Sudanese government Wednesday to arrange for the return of thousands of people in Darfur who were forcibly removed from a camp where they had taken refuge. 
 Capital One Financial Corp. said Wednesday it agreed to acquire HFS Group, a privately held British home-equity-loan broker, for $117 million (euro91.74 million). 
 President George W. Bush's election victory is shaping up as a potential bonanza for Wall Street, where firms are salivating about the possibility he will follow through on his pledge to allow private investment of Social Security funds. 
 Puerto Rico's delegate to the U.S. Congress claimed victory Wednesday in a close vote for governor that will prompt a recount while his party appeared to have lost control of the legislature to an opposing party supporting U.S. statehood for the island. 
 A man charged with threatening the life of Vice President Dick Cheney at a campaign rally was denied bond Wednesday. 
 Dominica's government acclaimed its relationship with the China on Wednesday, the 26th anniversary of the Caribbean island's independence. 
 Police on Wednesday discovered three bloated bodies floating in the Tigris river, one of them blindfolded and shot, a police officer said. 
 The major parties swapped governorships in four states, leaving Republicans in control of at least 28 executive mansions across the country with a chance to get one more, in Washington state where the final result remained unsettled Wednesday. 
 The U.S. military trial of an Australian cowboy accused of fighting for Afghanistan's ousted Taliban regime was delayed Wednesday until March to allow his lawyers more time to interview witnesses around the globe and review evidence. 
 Iraq's interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi flew to Rome on Wednesday for talks with Pope John Paul II, whom he referred to in an interview as "the figure who represents peace on a global level." 
 Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder called Wednesday for more international cooperation in the Middle East peace process, and appealed to the United States to push for the "road map" plan. 
 Oil futures prices rose more than $1 a barrel in a volatile trading session Wednesday after a government report showed a sharp rise in U.S. crude supplies and tightening inventories of heating oil. 
 Rescue teams struggled on Wednesday to reach two children who fell into a cave and were trapped about 25 meters (80 feet) deep. 
 A Pakistani man was charged Wednesday with lying to the FBI about a bogus terrorist plot to destroy the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge. 
 In another blow to U.N. officials in Kosovo, moderate Serbs who took part in last month's general election announced Wednesday they would not take up their parliamentary seats until the beleaguered minority is granted self-rule. 
 Islamists lawmakers have revived a proposal for segregating Bahrain's university according to gender, two lawmakers said Wednesday. 
 Stock prices rallied across Europe and Asia on Wednesday as markets bet that U.S. President George W. Bush would be re-elected in a tight race for the White House. By the time news broke that Democratic challenger John Kerry had conceded, European markets were almost closed and traders had largely factored in the win. 
 Vijay Singh offered hope for everyone Wednesday, but only briefly. 
 Prime Minister Paul Martin said Wednesday his first request to the newly re-elected President George W. Bush will be to deal with trade irritants and establish a "new multilateralism" on international problems. 
 Britain's visiting Queen Elizabeth II opened a conference on climate change, laid a wreath at the graves of Commonwealth soldiers, and praised the progress made by Germany's formerly communist east during a state visit to Germany on Wednesday. 
 President Lucio Gutierrez on Wednesday canceled a trip to Brazil for a summit of Latin American leaders, devoting his time to pressing matters at home including attempts by opponents to seek his impeachment, the government announced. 
 The stock market closed. 
 More than 400 firefighters battled a blaze Wednesday at fireworks factory that spread to 25 nearby homes and forced the evacuation of some 2,000 people in western Denmark. One firefighter was killed and six were injured, police said. 
 A Marxist rebel who escaped from the fortified Attorney General's office said in a note found in his cell that he feared other jailed guerrillas would try to kill him if he remained in custody, officials said Wednesday. 
 Gold for current delivery closed at $424.60 per troy ounce Wednesday on the New York Mercantile Exchange, up from $420.00 late Tuesday. 
 Secretary-General Kofi Annan on Wednesday welcomed the announcement that Hamid Karzai won Afghanistan's first presidential election and pledged U.N. support as the country moves to consolidate peace and security. 
 Ash from a volcano in eastern Iceland drifted in a cloud over northern Europe on Wednesday, disrupting airline flights but posing little danger, meteorological and airport officials said. 
 Moving to end squabbling with Brazil, the U.N. atomic watchdog agency has tentatively agreed to a deal that allows its inspectors only partial visual access to sensitive technology but satisfies concerns that the country's nuclear programs are peaceful, diplomats said Wednesday. 
 Wall Street celebrated President George W. Bush's re-election with a solid rally Wednesday, surging higher as investors welcomed continuity in Washington and shrugged off higher oil prices. 
 Defense stocks jumped higher Wednesday in what one analyst called a "relief rally" following President George W. Bush's re-election. 
 Police on Wednesday arrested a Moroccan and three Algerians in their investigation into a radical Islamic cell that allegedly plotted to blow up a court and other buildings in Spain, officials said. 
 Real Madrid came back from two goals down to salvage a 2-2 draw against Dynamo Kiev in their Champions League match Wednesday, leaving Group B wide open with two matches remaining. 
 A brother and sister who sent unsolicited junk e-mail to millions of America Online customers were convicted Wednesday in the nation's first felony prosecution of distributors of spam. 
 President George W. Bush led the United States into a quagmire in Iraq as he was dazzled by the country's "black gold," Osama bin Laden said in the full 18 minutes of his video, of which only excerpts have been broadcast on TV. 
 The United Arab Emirates appointed Sheik Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan as its president Wednesday, hours after it buried his father, the much loved Sheik Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan, in a funeral that drew thousands of citizens and nine heads of state. 
 It could be a tough next four years in Iraq for President George W. Bush, depending in part on the outcome of a planned U.S. attack on the insurgents' stronghold at Fallujah. Will a renewed U.S. offensive break the back of the insurgency? 
 Major election races that remained unresolved as of Wednesday in the United States: 
 Gabriel Schurrer scored with seven minute remaining to give Olympiakos Piraeus a vital 1-0 Champions League win against Monaco on Wednesday, firing the Greek club to the top Group A. 
 Real Madrid came back from two goals down to salvage a 2-2 draw against Dynamo Kiev in their Champions League match Wednesday, leaving Group B wide open with two matches remaining. 
 The dollar fell versus most major currencies Wednesday, resuming the downward trend that started two weeks ago as uncertainty surrounding the U.S. election came to a close with a victory for President George W. Bush. 
 Crude-oil futures finished a volatile session higher Wednesday, with the front-month December contract settling above $50 a barrel. 
 George W. Bush was the first U.S. president to call for an independent Palestinian state and has pledged that his administration, unlike its predecessors, won't shore up Arab dictators. 
 New research suggests that giving flu vaccine in a novel way can stretch doses and protect more people, but it didn't work as well in those over 60 and is too experimental to be used to ease this year's shortage, experts say. 
 President Enrique Bolanos on Wednesday asked an appeals court for a protective injunction against an effort to remove him from office. 
 Police arrested two militants in separate operations Wednesday as part of their campaign against Islamic extremism, a police officer said. 
 Top seed Andy Roddick grabbed his ATP-leading 71st win of the season Wednesday, cruising past Sargis Sargsian 6-2, 6-2 in a second-round match at the Paris Masters. 
 Juventus and Lyon are into the 16-team knockout stage of the Champions League, joining Chelsea and Italians Inter Milan. 
 News organizations promised Wednesday to look into why their exit polls from the U.S. election showed an initial surge for John Kerry, but also blamed bloggers for spreading news that gave a misleading view of the presidential race. 
 Thousands of striking casino-hotel workers voted overwhelmingly Wednesday to approve a contract offer from seven casinos, ending their monthlong strike. 
 Sudanese security forces bulldozed a refugee camp after forcing thousands of conflict-weary Darfur villagers to another camp, an African Union official said Wednesday. 
 American Airlines, struggling to compete with lower-overhead carriers, will cut more jobs to reduce costs, chief executive Gerard Arpey said Wednesday. 
 The condition of Yasser Arafat, in a French hospital for treatment of an unidentified ailment, has deteriorated significantly over the past day, a Palestinian official said early Thursday. 
 In a move that could widen cultural exchanges with Iran, Librarian of Congress James H. Billington is holding talks in Tehran on acquiring a wide range of publications for the library. 
 Gabriel Schurrer scored with seven minutes remaining to give Olympiakos Piraeus a 1-0 win against Monaco on Wednesday, moving the Greek club to the top Group A in the European Champions League. 
 Yasser Arafat's health deteriorated significantly over the past day, Palestinian officials said early Thursday. 
 World Figure Skating Championships runner-up Sasha Cohen will miss her second Grand Prix series event because of a lingering back injuring, withdrawing Wednesday from next week's Cup of China. 
 Developments in Iraq on Wednesday: 
 The father of an Australian cowboy accused of fighting alongside Afghanistan's ousted Taliban forces on Thursday welcomed a delay in his son's trial, expected to give David Hicks' defense team more time to collect evidence and interview witnesses. 
 The U.S. State Department on Wednesday issued a statement warning Americans about the dangers of street crime in Guatemala, after a rash of recent attacks on tourists. 
 Beside the teams, journalists and stadium personnel, the 82,000-capacity Stadio Olimpico was virtually empty. 
 President George W. Bush claimed a re-election mandate Wednesday after a record 59 million Americans chose him over Democrat John Kerry and voted to expand Republican control of Congress as well. He pledged to pursue his agenda on taxes and Iraq while seeking "the broad support of all Americans." 
 The United States demanded Wednesday that U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan explain why he overruled an internal finding that the world body's refugee chief sexually harassed a female employee. 
 The U.S. military trial of an Australian cowboy accused of fighting for Afghanistan's ousted Taliban regime was delayed on Wednesday to allow his lawyers more time to interview witnesses and review evidence. 
 Tom Lehman wants Americans who are winning on his Ryder Cup team, even if that means him. 
 A brother and sister who sent junk e-mail to millions of America Online customers were convicted Wednesday in the first felony prosecution of Internet spam distributors in the United States. 
 Colombia's Supreme Court has authorized the extradition to the United States of one of two brothers who helped found the Cali drug cartel, a court spokesman said. 
 A judge allowed two lawsuits to proceed on behalf of 26 men, most of whom allege they were sexually abused as children by a former priest in northern New Jersey. 
 Sick Florida smokers urged the state's highest court to punish the tobacco industry for "fraud and deceit" by restoring a $145 billion (euro114 billion) class-action award, the largest ever by an American jury. 
 Today is Thursday, November 11, the 315th day of 2004. There are 50 days left in the year. 
 Israel's Gaza pullout plan passed a crucial political test when the parliament gave preliminary approval to compensation payments for Jewish settlers to be uprooted and procedures for their evacuation. 
 Ending one of the Army's longest desertion cases, Charles Robert Jenkins was sentenced to 30 days in a military jail Wednesday for abandoning his unit on a freezing hillside to cross over into North Korea nearly 40 years ago. 
 Sean "P. Diddy" Combs plans to celebrate his 35th birthday Thursday with an A-list, ultra-exclusive, all-night party. 
 After months of peace talks, the Sudanese government and rebels moved closer to signing their first accord aimed at stopping ground and air attacks in the war-ravaged Darfur region. 
 Thousands of people marched through Nigeria's biggest city in a show of support for an upcoming general strike against fuel price hikes _ a shutdown that union leaders warn will freeze the flow of oil from the world's seventh-biggest oil exporter. 
 Earnings at News Corp., the media conglomerate run by Rupert Murdoch, rose 27 percent in the latest quarter on stronger results from broadcast television, cable networks and newspapers, the company reported Wednesday. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair tried to bridge the trans-Atlantic rift over Iraq, urging a "fractured, divided and uncertain" world to unite in the wake of U.S. President George W. Bush's election victory. 
 The U.S. dollar was trading at 106.13 yen on the Tokyo foreign exchange market at 9 a.m. (0000 GMT) Thursday, down 0.55 yen from late Tuesday. 
 Jurors began deliberating the fate of Scott Peterson, more than five months after testimony began in the murder of his wife and her fetus. 
 The Robert Mondavi Corp. is being acquired by alcoholic beverage giant Constellation Brands Inc. in a $1.03 billion (euro810 million) cash deal, ending a plan to split apart the brands of one of California's most storied winemakers. 
 Hamid Karzai has been officially declared Afghanistan's first-ever popularly elected president after a weeks-long fraud probe found no reason to overturn his landslide victory. 
 The leaders of Sri Lanka and India were set to meet Thursday, with discussions expected to focus on Sri Lanka's fragile peace process, the Indian government says. 
 European Union leaders launch a two-day summit Thursday with hopes that they'll be able to forge a joint role for the 25-nation bloc in Iraq _ and by doing so bring a fresh start to strained relations with the re-elected U.S. President George W. Bush. 
 European nations appealed to U.S. President George W. Bush for a fresh start in trans-Atlantic relations, saying they want to work on healing the rifts that erupted during his first four years in power. 
 Stock prices rallied across Europe and Asia as markets bet that U.S. President George W. Bush would be re-elected in a tight race for the White House. By the time news broke that Democratic challenger John Kerry had conceded, European markets were almost closed and traders had largely factored in the win. 
 When my husband and I began planning an ambitious trip to five European countries, friends encouraged us to go without our teenage daughters. 
 A year has passed since the last Concorde flight, and after 27 years of crossing the Atlantic at supersonic speeds, most of the sleek white jetliners were retired to museums. Of the nine planes flying at the end of service, three are now on display in the United States, at the Museum of Flight in Seattle, the Intrepid Air-Sea-Space Museum in New York and the Uvdar-Hazy Center near Washington, D.C. 
 From natural springs and river kayaking to folk music and civil rights history, visitors coming to Arkansas to tour the Clinton Presidential Library will find a state full of day-trip opportunities. 
 With the dedication of the Clinton Presidential Library just days away, officials are wrapping up plans for a huge celebration. But they want the festivities to leave the city with lasting benefits rather than a hangover. 
 A jury convicted four one-time Merrill Lynch executives and a former midlevel Enron Corp. finance executive of conspiracy and fraud in the first criminal trial of Enron and Wall Street executives for their role in the energy company's 2001 collapse. 
 Hungary's government will ask lawmakers to keep its 300 troops in Iraq for an extra three months, but will withdraw the soldiers by the end of March, the country's new prime minister said. 
 Former Benfica forward Jose Luis has been appointed coach of the East Timor squad for its debut in the Tiger Cup, southeast Asia's biennial international soccer competition. 
 Somalia's new president named a prime minister, choosing a member from another of the four largest clans to preside over what is hoped will be a government of reconciliation in the war-ravaged country. 
 The last time the South Africans toured the Northern Hemisphere rugby nations, they were outplayed by France, beaten for the first time in 33 years by Scotland and crushed 53-3 by England. 
 Gunmen kidnapped a Lebanese-American businessman _ the second U.S. citizen seized this week in Baghdad _ and militants released a tape showing the beheading of an Iraqi officer as a warning to those who deal with "the infidel" Americans. An unknown group claimed it beheaded three Iraqi National Guardsmen. 
 Taking a cue from recording companies, Hollywood movie studios are preparing to file copyright infringement lawsuits against computer users they say are illegally distributing movies online, a source familiar with the studios' plans said. 
 President George W. Bush claimed a re-election mandate after a record 59 million Americans chose him over Democrat John Kerry and voted to expand Republican control of Congress as well. He pledged to pursue his agenda on taxes and Iraq while seeking "the broad support of all Americans." 
 Worries that high oil prices and the strong euro could dampen economic recovery will keep the European Central Bank locked down in its watchful no-change stance at Thursday's interest-rate meeting _ and likely for months ahead, economists said. 
 U.S. President George W. Bush's re-election is a strong reaffirmation of his leadership in the global war on terror, Prime Minister John Howard said Thursday. 
 Dutch prosecutors said police have arrested eight more suspected Islamic radicals as part of ongoing investigations into the brutal killing of outspoken Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh. 
 Successful in persuading voters not to change leaders in wartime, President George W. Bush faces a second term packed with problems bred in his first, from the need for an exit strategy in Iraq to the prospect of staggering budget deficits at home. 
 The U.N. Security Council wants to keep pressure on Burundi to discover who was behind a massacre at a United Nations refugee camp and bring the killers to justice, diplomats said. 
 For a man whose first name means blessed, Barack Obama has truly had a blessed year. 
 Gold opened at US$428.25 an ounce on Thursday in Hong Kong, up US$6.60 an ounce from Wednesday's close of US$421.65. 
 Oscar-winner Patty Duke underwent single bypass surgery and was in fair condition, officials said. 
 Oragami-like chandeliers hang from a 40-foot ceiling illuminating a massive reception hall. Drawn gold drapes part to reveal a full-size replica of the Oval Office. 
 China's JL-9 Shanying fighter trainer will go into mass production next year, seeking customers looking for inexpensive options to train pilots to fly state-of-the-art warplanes, the plane's manufacturers said. 
 Sao Paulo defeated Sao Caetano 4-2 on Wednesday in the final 31 minutes of the match that was suspended a week ago because of the death of Sao Caetano defender Serginho. 
 Jurors still have work to do after convicting several former Wall Street bankers and a former Enron Corp. finance executive of conspiring to push through a sham deal. 
 An Iraqi-born man arrested while trying to buy machine guns and hand grenades has been indicted on weapons charges, federal authorities said. 
 Americans attempting to escape four more years of President George W. Bush by fleeing to Canada will have to wait in line, just like immigrants from any other country, the Immigration Ministry said. 
 More than 600 workers at four CNH Global NV plants in the Midwest walked off their jobs over the failure to negotiate a new six-year contract with the maker of farm and construction equipment. 
 Charlie Manuel will be the next manager of the Philadelphia Phillies, replacing the fired Larry Bowa, baseball officials told The Associated Press on Wednesday night. 
 It was the call both sides long had planned for on election night, one meant to set in motion a concession and then a claim of victory in a hard fought presidential race. 
 Tokyo stocks surged Thursday morning as investors welcomed U.S. President George W. Bush's re-election to a second four-year term in a close race for the White House. The U.S. dollar was down against the Japanese yen. 
 Parts of the now-destroyed Changi Prison in Singapore, which the Japanese used to incarcerate Allied prisoners during World War II, are to be displayed at a museum in New Zealand. 
 Taiwanese officials urged opposition leaders not to hold a new round of violent protests Thursday if the High Court refuses to nullify President Chen Shui-bian's narrow victory in the March presidential election. 
 A death row inmate was found hanging by a sheet in his cell in an apparent suicide, state prison officials said. 
 Crude futures eased slightly Thursday after a U.S. government report showed another boost in supplies ahead of the Northern Hemisphere winter. 
 RIO DE JANIERO, Brazil _ Latin American leaders in Rio for a two-day summit are discussing a larger peacekeeping force in Haiti and wondering how relations between the United States and the region will develop under U.S. President George W. Bush's second term. 
 Asians differed over how U.S. President George W. Bush's second term will affect their region, with some forecasting the stability expected of an incumbent leader, and others fearing more conflicts like the one in Iraq. 
 North Korea is likely to return to six-nation talks on its nuclear weapons development now that the U.S. election is over, South Korea's foreign minister said Thursday. 
 Third-seeded Maria Sharapova of Russia moved into the quarterfinals of the Advanta Tennis Championships on Wednesday when Jelena Kostenic of Croatia was forced to retire in the third set because of a strained groin. 
 A federal grand jury has indicted a couple who ran a central Kansas group home, accusing them allegedly forcing mentally ill residents to work at their farm, a judge said. 
 In a grim report on the 20-month conflict in Sudan's Darfur region, U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan says violence and insecurity intensified in October and there are strong indications war crimes have been committed. 
 An empty subway train rolled backward into a train full of passengers near the National Zoo, injuring at least 20 people, transit officials said. 
 Honduran authorities increased the security around President Ricardo Maduro on Wednesday, after learning of a plot by street gang members to kill him and key officials in his government, the nation's Security Minister said. 
 Honduran authorities increased the security around President Ricardo Maduro on Wednesday, after learning of a plot by street gang members to kill him and key officials in his government, the nation's Security Minister said. 
 Alleged Southeast Asian extremist chief Abu Bakar Bashir on Thursday accused police of arresting him on orders of U.S President George W. Bush, and dismissed terror charges against him as "laughable." 
 China National Petroleum Corp. is in talks with Russia's beleaguered oil company OAO Yukos on restarting rail-borne crude oil exports to China that were suspended at the end of September, the state-owned Chinese oil giant said Thursday. 
 A militant group threatening to kill three U.N. hostages said Thursday they were in talks with the Afghan government about the group's demand that Taliban prisoners be released. 
 Willie Randolph was hired Wednesday by the New York Mets, taking over as manager of a troubled team trying to compete with its crosstown rival for success, free agents and fans. 
 Second-seeded Daniela Hantuchova was ousted from the Bell Challenge on Wednesday, falling 6-3, 2-6, 6-1 to Canadian qualifier Melanie Gloria. 
 Yasser Arafat was in intensive care undergoing a new round of tests Thursday after his still-unexplained condition took a sudden turn for the worse, Palestinian officials said. 
 Fear spread among Buddhists in southern Thailand on Thursday after suspected Muslim insurgents gunned down two police officers and five civilians in less than 24 hours, officials said. 
 U.S. Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage has canceled a planned visit to Sri Lanka next week because of "unexpected change in travel plans," the U.S. Embassy said Thursday. 
 Charlie Manuel will be the next manager of the Philadelphia Phillies, replacing the fired Larry Bowa, baseball officials said Wednesday. 
 News organizations promised to look into why their exit polls from the U.S. election showed an initial surge for John Kerry, but also blamed bloggers for spreading news that gave a misleading view of the presidential race. 
 The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues closed at 10,946.27 points on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Thursday, up 58.46 points, or 0.54 percent, from Tuesday. 
 Shane Warne returned to Australia on Thursday nursing a broken right thumb and eager to get back to international cricket later this month against New Zealand. 
 Some 7,500 workers walked out Thursday in a 24-hour strike protesting layoffs and closures by UPM-Kymmene, halting all production at the company's Finnish paper and pulp plants two days after similar action by workers at its sawmills and plywood plants. 
 Even as Democrats lick their wounds and Republicans bask in President George W. Bush's second-term victory, would-be presidential candidates for 2008 already are maneuvering for position. 
 The chairman of the world's largest grouping of Muslim nations on Thursday urged U.S. President George W. Bush to pay more heed to other countries' views on issues such as Iraq and the Palestinian conflict during his second term. 
 Disgraced Pakistani nuclear scientist A.Q. Khan's health is failing, a lawyer claimed Thursday after filing a petition with the Supreme Court demanding better medical care for him. 
 Formula One is bracing for a fight. 
 Will the re-elected President George W. Bush encounter more of the same troubles and attack them in the same way? 
 Pirate attacks worldwide in the first nine months of 2004 dropped to their lowest levels in five years, helped by declines in hotspots such as Indonesia, Bangladesh and Nigeria, a maritime group said Thursday. 
 A strong undersea earthquake shook the central Aegean Sea island of Antikithira early Thursday but did not cause any damage or injuries. 
 Nepalese continue to defy a government travel ban to seek work in Iraq and officials are planning a nationwide campaign to discourage citizens from going to the dangerous, war-ravaged country, officials said Thursday. 
 Stars fans finally had a reason to go to the arena. Only it wasn't for the scheduled game against the Chicago Blackhawks. 
 Secretary of State Colin Powell has been evasive about his future, skirting questions about the timing of his widely expected departure after four rough-and-tumble years as America's chief diplomat. 
 Alleged Southeast Asian extremist chief Abu Bakar Bashir on Thursday accused police of arresting him on orders of U.S President George W. Bush, and dismissed terror charges against him as "laughable." 
 An Australian man died after taking part in an American Indian-style sauna-like purification ceremony in the Outback desert, another man who was hospitalized after the ritual said on Thursday. 
 Soundly rejected in their attempt to win back control of Congress, Democrats face months of soul searching as they watch Republicans flex their increased power in the House and Senate and celebrate the defeat of one of the Democrats' most visible national leaders. 
 Gold bullion opened Thursday at a bid price of US$426.70 a troy ounce, up from US$423.40 late Wednesday. 
 A vehicle loaded with confiscated ammunition exploded accidentally in an Afghan bazaar, injuring two people and devastating a row of shops, the United Nations said Thursday. 
 A special forces soldier said terrorists who seized more than 1,000 hostages in a school two months ago were more numerous than the government claimed, a Russian newspaper reported Thursday. 
 The greatest center in Miami history isn't sure that adding Shaquille O'Neal to the Heat lineup makes them a sure thing for the NBA Finals. 
 Hamid Karzai's chief rivals in Afghanistan's presidential election conceded defeat Thursday, a day after the U.S-backed interim leader was declared the winner. 
 Police in Jammu-Kashmir said Thursday that 1,716 civilians, members of security forces and militants have died there in fighting in the first 10 months of this year _ 13 percent fewer than in 2003. 
 A speeding truck plunged into a river when its lights failed suddenly at night, killing 26 people and wounding 37 others in western Tanzania, an official said Thursday. 
 Uruguay's candidate to become the next World Trade Organization director-general said Thursday the top job should go to either a Latin American or an African. 
 Gold closed at US$426.15 an ounce on Thursday in Hong Kong, up US$4.50 an ounce from Wednesday's close of US$421.65. 
 Five Albanian newspapers expressed their surprise Thursday upon learning they had been fined a week ago during a lawsuit opposing the presidents of two soccer clubs. 
 Nigeria's main labor union said Thursday it had withdrawn from a committee on cushioning the effects of rising fuel prices, sharply reducing the possibility of a compromise to avert a looming general strike. 
 An Iraqi National Guard patrol was hit Thursday by a car bomb in central Iraq, killing at least three people, Iraqi officials said. 
 Four civilians died in southeastern Afghanistan Thursday when an explosion hit their car as it traveled behind a convoy of Afghan army trucks, the U.S. military said. 
 German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder arrived in Poland Thursday for talks with Polish Prime Minister Marek Belka, a meeting that followed months of tensions over calls in both countries for compensation for World War II-era losses. 
 A nursing-home fire blamed on a smoldering cigarette butt killed one resident Thursday, injured six and prompted a delicate evacuation of nearly 180 more, many of them disabled, authorities said. 
 Rescuers rescued two sailors from the Japan Sea off Russia's Pacific coast on Thursday, two days after their timbering ship disappeared in a storm, the Vladivostok search and rescue coordination center said. 
 Swiss President Joseph Deiss has sent his congratulations to U.S. President George W. Bush and wished him a successful period in office, in a telegram seen Thursday by The Associated Press. 
 China on Thursday defended its handling of weapon sales after the chief U.S. envoy for arms control accused it of selling weapons of mass destruction. 
 A cow sculpture created by former President Vaclav Havel made the top price at an auction of 33 such sculptures, an organizer said Thursday. 
 Tokyo shares advanced moderately Thursday as investors welcomed U.S. President George W. Bush's re-election to a second four-year term, but most smaller Asian markets retreated. 
 Taiwan's High Court decided not to nullify the March 20 presidential election Thursday, rejecting the opposition's claims the vote was marred by fraud and a shooting that injured President Chen Shui-bian a day before his victory by a razor-thin margin. 
 FC Barcelona hosts off-color Deportivo La Coruna in 10th round of the Primera Division this weekend, hoping to extend its Spanish League lead and keep off a chasing pack that includes Real Madrid and defending champion Valenica. 
 Doubts were raised Thursday over Taiwan's claim that it had established formal diplomatic relations with Vanuatu, after a government spokesman in the South Pacific nation said newly forged ties were limited to trade and other economic issues. 
 Latvian hockey players, officials, and fans on Thursday mourned the death of one of the country's NHL stars, Sergei Zholtok, who collapsed while playing a game in Belarus. 
 Luis Figo says he wants to meet with Real Madrid chiefs next month and find out whether he has a long-term future at the club. 
 Israeli security chiefs and Palestinian leaders met separately Thursday to discuss Yasser Arafat's deteriorating health, after the 75-year-old Palestinian leader was rushed to the intensive care unit at a French military hospital. 
 A cow sculpture created by former President Vaclav Havel made the top price at an auction of 33 such sculptures, an organizer said Thursday. 
 A senior Palestinian official said Thursday that Yasser Arafat had lapsed into a coma. 
 Slain Dutch filmmaker Theo Van Gogh will be cremated next week in a televised funeral ceremony, his production company said Thursday. 
 Anthony Summers shot a six-under-par 66 on Thursday to lead the inaugural Vietnam Masters after the first round. 
 Ukrainian troops captured two Iraqi insurgents after an abortive guerrilla raid on a checkpoint in south-central Iraq, the Ukrainian Defense Ministry said Thursday. 
 Argentina left back Juan Pablo Sorin has joined Villarreal from Cruzeiro, the Spanish club said on its Web site. 
 Britons left their country in record numbers in 2003, but new immigrants to Britain outweighed those departing, figures released Thursday show. 
 The Irish Republican Army and Northern Ireland's myriad other armed gangs continue to commit violence and pursue a wide range of criminal rackets, an expert report published Thursday found. 
 The presidents of France, Russia and Israel are expected to attend the 60th anniversary of the Auschwitz death camp's liberation on Jan. 27, Polish officials said Thursday. 
 Palestinian militants engaged in a gunfight Thursday with Palestinian security forces at Gaza's central prison in a display of rage at the killing of a clan member. 
 Gary Mills was dismissed Thursday as manager of struggling lower division side Notts County. 
 The U.S. Embassy in Damascus closed Thursday for security reasons, an official said. 
 Gunmen ambushed a carload of Iraqi National Guards Thursday in central Iraq, killing two, police said. 
 Greece formally complained to the United States on Thursday after reports that it formally recognized the Republic of Macedonia ahead of a crucial referendum in the Balkan country. 
 U.S. troops killed four suspected militants and captured a Taliban commander in one of Afghanistan's most dangerous valleys Thursday, officials said, while an explosion killed four civilians in an attack apparently meant for Afghan troops. 
 Two Russian naval ships left Thursday for the Mediterranean, where they are to take part in NATO anti-terrorist patrols, the Interfax-Military News Agency reported. 
 Peter Calow, a British zoologist, was appointed the head of a Danish environmental agency on Thursday, replacing Bjoern Lomborg, a maverick Danish researcher who made his name playing down the threat of global warming. 
 Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak announced Thursday he will compete for the leadership of the opposition Labor Party and wants to be its candidate for prime minister in the next election. 
 President Yoweri Museveni congratulated U.S. President George W. Bush on his re-election Thursday, saying he looks forward to continued support for Uganda's efforts to combat poverty and HIV/AIDS. 
 The Bank of England left its key interest rate unchanged at 4.75 percent Thursday. 
 Norway's foreign minister and the Tamil Tiger rebels' reclusive leader will meet next week in another attempt to salvage Sri Lanka's faltering peace process, officials said Thursday. 
 Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing will visit Iran this weekend and discuss the country's nuclear program, a Foreign Ministry spokeswoman said Thursday. 
 The body of a Kurdish contractor missing for three months was found in a deserted area Thursday outside the northern Iraqi city of Kirkuk, an Iraqi official said. 
 Nokia Corp. said Thursday it has filed patent infringement complaints against Vitelcom of Spain over Nokia's GSM and GPRS technologies. 
 A Danish army captain was fined 1,000 kroner (euro135, US$173) for posing with a gun pointed at a fellow soldier with a bucket over his head in Iraq, the Danish army said Thursday. 
 Singer Marc Almond says he hopes to make a full recovery from injuries sustained in a motorcycle crash last month. 
 Albania and Turkey signed an agreement Thursday for bilateral military cooperation in 2005, the Defense Ministry said. 
 Here's the good news for Manchester City: 
 The Harlem Globetrotters are playing in China for the first time in 11 years. 
 Ethnic Georgian villagers barricaded the main highway Thursday running between the capital of breakaway South Ossetia and North Ossetia across the Russian border, to protest the alleged abduction of a local man. 
 Australian fast bowler Jason Gillespie sparked an Indian collapse Thursday before spinner Anil Kumble hit back with five wickets as bowlers dominated the second day of the fourth test. 
 On the eve of a visit by Iraqi interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi, the European Union set out details Thursday of a euro31.5 million (US$40.3 million) aid package to support elections scheduled in Iraq next January. 
 Explosives were looted from the Al-Qaqaa ammunitions site in Iraq while outnumbered U.S. soldiers assigned to guard the materials watched helplessly, soldiers told the Los Angeles Times. 
 The European Union's foreign policy chief on Thursday pressed Serbia's Prime Minister Vojislav Kostunica to hand over indicted war crimes suspects to the U.N. tribunal before the end of November. 
 Four Britons detained as terrorist suspects at Guantanamo Bay are healthy but frustrated after almost three years in captivity, the government said Thursday. 
 Western companies will increasingly outsource to India despite efforts to block the practice, a European official said Thursday ahead of an EU-India summit where the two sides are poised to agree on bolstering their trade and diplomatic partnership. 
 Dutch baby and clinical food producer Royal Numico NV said Thursday it swung to a net profit of euro44 million (US$56.4 million) in the third quarter from a loss of euro457 million (US$523.3 million) a year earlier. 
 Felix Magath wanted a victory against Juventus to ensure smooth sailing in the Champions League so that Bayern Munich could concentrate on catching up in the Bundesliga. 
 Greece formally complained to the United States on Thursday after reports that it formally recognized the Republic of Macedonia ahead of a crucial referendum in the Balkan country. 
 Nigeria's president said Thursday that Africa welcomed U.S. President George W. Bush's second-term election victory, and called for continued cooperation between the United States and the continent. 
 Mistakes in the planned deployment of peacekeepers to Somalia could spark fighting with the country's 55,000 militiamen and deny the mission crucial community support, an international expert warned Thursday. 
 Croatia's opposition parties called for the foreign minister to resign Thursday following media allegations that he was involved in a bribery scandal. 
 A senior Israeli army commander resigned, after failing a polygraph test, for allegedly leaking details of a disagreement between the army and Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, officials said Thursday. 
 Russian President Vladimir Putin on Thursday congratulated the country's Olympic team on their strong showing in Athens and stressed the importance of a healthy lifestyle. 
 Swiss authorities said Thursday they have requested legal help from Spain in their investigation of alleged Islamic terrorist chief Mohamed Achraf. 
 Former world champions Maria Petrova and Alexei Tikhonov of Russia won the short program Thursday at the NHK Trophy. 
 A Jordanian man has died of injuries sustained in an armed attack by an unknown Iraqi militant group that also abducted three Jordanian truck drivers in the same convoy, an official at the Jordanian Truckers Association said Thursday. 
 At these Winter Games, there are no strenuous slaloms or figure-eights. But if you can't shimmy up a chimney or wrap a Christmas gift, forget about competing. 
 A mammoth locust infestation that destroyed crops throughout West Africa this year has not seriously affected food production in most of the region, the United Nations said Thursday. 
 Yasser Arafat's condition is "very, very grave," a confidant of key Palestinian leaders said Thursday. 
 A car bomb exploded Thursday near the city government offices of a town north of Baghdad, killing three people, Iraqi police said 
 The international medical aid group Medecins Sans Frontieres said Thursday it is closing down its mission in Iraq because of escalating violence and targeting of aid workers. 
 Brazil's defense minister resigned Thursday, less than three weeks after a scandal broke over military repression and torture during the country's 1964-85 dictatorship. 
 Leaders of the United States and the European Union should strive to "normalize" trans-Atlantic relations in the wake of U.S. presidential elections, the Hungarian foreign minister said Thursday. 
 The European Union is seeking to boost economic and political ties with India by signing a "strategic partnership" agreement with the fast-growing economic power, the EU said Thursday. 
 State media said Thursday that 40 Zimbabwean employees of the British Embassy were engaged in a work slowdown to protest racism and pay conditions. 
 The upper chamber of the Czech parliament, the Senate, voted Thursday to abolish the draft and create an all-professional force. 
 A man was charged Thursday with murdering an Indian diplomat in Britain 20 years ago. 
 Silvio Berlusconi interrupted a state visit at the Kremlin with Russian President Vladimir Putin to issue another edict to his soccer club, AC Milan. 
 Polish and German leaders reaffirmed Thursday that both governments view reparation claims for World War II damages as closed because reopening them risks poisoning relations between the two countries. 
 Another costly blunder by Oliver Kahn has revived the debate on who should become Germany's No. 1 goalkeeper ahead of the 2006 World Cup. 
 A bill that hikes income taxes for Poland's richest cleared its last legislative hurdle Thursday, part of government efforts to curb the budget deficit. 
 India's telecommunication watchdog urged the government Thursday to give it financial autonomy by allowing it to receive a share of revenues from phone and television operators. 
 Albanian drug trafficking gangs account for nearly half the heroin and cannabis smuggled into Greece and remain a key source of criminal activity in southeast Europe, according to a government report. 
 Bosnian Serb police said Thursday they arrested one of their own officers for stealing police property. 
 MCI Inc., one of the biggest U.S. long-distance operators, lost $3.4 billion (euro2.6 billion) in the third quarter of 2004 due to a previously announced asset writedown of $3.5 billion (euro2.7 billion), the company announced Thursday, but its core operating results were better than expected. 
 Major election races nationwide that remained unresolved Thursday: 
 The productivity of America's workers grew at a 1.9 percent annual rate in the third quarter, the smallest gain since late 2002, the government reported Thursday. 
 Romania's inflation is expected to be reduced to under 10 percent this year, for the first time in more than 14 years, a top central bank official said Thursday. 
 Macedonia's president said Thursday that the United States had recognized Macedonia under "its constitutional name," calling it the biggest diplomatic victory since the troubled Balkan state gained independence from Yugoslavia in 1991. 
 The leaders of Sri Lanka and India on Thursday discussed Sri Lanka's fragile peace process with the Tamil Tiger rebels and Indian military assistance to the island nation, a foreign ministry spokesman said. 
 The Czech parliament voted on Thursday to extend the mandate of Czech troops in Iraq by two months. 
 The European Union said Thursday it had no immediate plans to change its approach to recognize the Republic of Macedonia, after the United States reportedly did so. 
 Tommy Burns was named Thursday to handle Scotland in its Nov. 17 friendly soccer game against Sweden. 
 Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., the world's largest maker of generic drugs, Thursday posted a 61 percent surge in third-quarter profit, citing the benefits of an acquisition, and raised its full-year earnings outlook. 
 At least 24 people, most of them children, have been infected with E. coli bacteria in North Carolina, and the outbreak might be connected to a petting zoo at the state fair, authorities said. 
 Borusssia Dortmund defender Christoph Metzelder, who shot to fame during the 2002 World Cup before coming down with a long-term injury, will receive a contract extension, Kicker magazine reported Thursday. 
 World leaders urged George W. Bush Thursday to work closely with America's allies on issues like terrorism and the environment in his second term, while critics of the president worried re-election would embolden him to pursue conservative policies more aggressively than ever. 
 Africa needs to step up the use of its abundant water resources to boost farm productivity and combat persistent poverty and food shortages, a United Nations official said Thursday. 
 Britain is testing the health of thousands of soldiers who fought in Iraq, defense officials said Thursday, as research into Gulf War illnesses continues. 
 French President Jacques Chirac on Thursday went to the hospital where Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat was undergoing emergency treatment. 
 Ukraine will set up a central register to track radioactive materials throughout the country in a U.S.-funded effort to prevent the materials from getting into the hands of terrorists, officials said Thursday. 
 Scotland rugby coach Matt Williams has named lock Scott MacLeod and flanker Scott Gray to make their debut for the club on Saturday in a test against Australia. 
 Drug kingpin Gilberto Rodriguez Orejuela was on the verge Thursday of being sent to stand trial in the United States _ and would become the most powerful Colombian trafficker ever extradited to America. 
 The money from a winning lottery ticket that was shoplifted by a Swedish teenager will be given away to youth groups near the store it was stolen from, Sweden's state-owned lottery organization said Thursday. 
 A car stolen by two drunk Russian soldiers slammed into a group of soldiers walking along a road in St. Petersburg, injuring 13 of them, a military spokesman said Thursday. 
 Iraqis who live outside the country will be allowed to vote in the January national election, the Iraqi election commission announced Thursday. 
 Defending champion and No. 3 seed Tim Henman suffered a 7-5, 6-1 loss to unseeded Russian Mikhail Youzhny in the third round of the Paris Masters on Thursday. 
 Due to the huge demand to dispose of the U.S. bills that were legal tender in communist Cuba for a more than a decade, the Central Bank on Thursday gave Cubans an extra week to exchange the American greenback for a local currency tied to the dollar. 
 Romania's Prime Minister Adrian Nastase took possession of a Mercedes car on Thursday, after winning a bet he made with influential businessman and Romanian Olympic Committee chairman Ion Tiriac. 
 German authorities stepped into a growing European dioxin scare Thursday and barred meat deliveries from three livestock farms believed to have received contaminated feed from a Dutch supplier. 
 Experts on Thursday urged the removal of thousands of tons of toxic waste from the Union Carbide pesticide plant in central India where a devastating gas leak killed 15,000 people 20 years ago. 
 A man was charged with trespassing after he stripped naked, scaled an airport fence, ran across the tarmac and climbed into a plane's wheel well before firefighters talked him out of it, officials said. 
 The European Central Bank left interest rates alone Thursday, saying high oil prices meant uncertain prospects for Europe's economic recovery. 
 German budget airline Air Berlin said Thursday that it and its Austrian partner NIKI are buying up to 110 new jets from Airbus SAS, which the European aircraft maker will start delivering next year. 
 Years after the end of the Balkan bloodshed, most Serbs still don't trust the U.N. war crimes tribunal and believe local courts would do a better job in trying those responsible for committing atrocities, a survey published on Thursday showed. 
 Europe's mixed feelings about the re-election of America's president crop up even in the ancestral home of the Bush clan. 
 Brazil's defense minister resigned Thursday, less than three weeks after a scandal broke over military repression and torture during the country's 1964-85 dictatorship. 
 The president of the U.N. war crimes tribunal on Thursday pressed anew for the capture of a Croat wartime general suspected of atrocities against rebel Serbs during the 1991-95 war in the former Yugoslavia. 
 Hundreds of Danish firefighters on Thursday contained a huge blaze that broke out 24 hours earlier at a fireworks factory, killing one firefighter, injuring 17 other people and destroying at least 20 houses. 
 Documents from Canadian health authorities show that Pfizer Inc.'s painkiller Celebrex is suspected of contributing to at least 14 deaths and other heart and brain side effects, according to the National Post newspaper in Toronto. 
 A roadside bomb blast on Thursday in the South Waziristan tribal region killed at least six Pakistani soldiers and injured 10 others, some seriously, army officials said. 
 Gunmen on Thursday fatally shot a local government official in central Iraq, a police commander said. 
 The U.S. dollar was mostly lower against other major currencies in European trading Thursday. Gold rose. 
 Police detained six activists on Thursday for holding an unauthorized demonstration outside Azerbaijan's parliament to protest the presence of Armenian officers at a NATO seminar scheduled for later this month. 
 Star flyhalf Jonny Wilkinson was Thursday ruled out of England's rugby union test against Canada later this month. 
 Canadian paint maker Sico Inc. has sold its stake in an underperforming French joint venture in a move to boost profits and focus on the North American market. 
 Iraq's petroleum minister said Thursday security will be increased along an Iraqi-Turkish pipeline, which is still idle following a bomb attack two days ago. 
 The first group of Iraqi officials to be trained by NATO in crisis management techniques said Thursday that their nation's volatility is making it increasingly difficult to recruit volunteers for security forces. 
 Iraq's interim premier made a quick but productive stop in Rome Thursday, receiving Italy's commitment to keep its troops in the U.S.-led coalition as long as needed and assurances from war opponent Pope John Paul II that the church will do its part to help build democracy in the country. 
 The chief organizer of the Turin 2006 Winter Olympics announced Thursday that he is resigning amid an internal power struggle for control of the games. 
 Steve Spurrier won't be returning to coach the Florida Gators. 
 A Croat truck driver who is being held on suspicion of espionage in an Iraqi prison run by U.S. troops called his family on the phone Thursday. 
 President George W. Bush sketched a second-term agenda Thursday that includes tax overhaul and major changes in pension benefits for the elderly to allow U.S. workers to own their own retirement accounts. 
 Oslo's Munch Museum could remain closed until June 2005 while officials upgrade its security system in the wake a brazen daylight robbery of two Edvard Munch masterpieces in August. 
 Israeli TV on Thursday cited sources as saying Yasser Arafat has died, but top Palstinian officials denied the report. 
 Iraq closed one of the crossings on the Syrian-Iraqi border on Thursday, a Syrian customs official said. 
 Britain's Queen Elizabeth II said Thursday that her state visit to Germany gave her "renewed confidence" in the friendship between the former enemies, underlining strong economic ties as she ended her three-day tour. 
 ACE Ltd. on Thursday became the latest insurance company to announce changes in its business practices in response to the industry probe launched by New York's attorney general. 
 Sports crazy Finns were shocked when six of their top cross-country skiers tested positive for banned substances in 2001 at the World Nordic Ski Championships in Finland. 
 President George W. Bush sketched a second-term agenda Thursday that includes tax overhaul and major changes in pension benefits for the elderly to allow U.S. workers to own their own retirement accounts. 
 President George W. Bush sketched a second-term agenda Thursday that includes fighting the worldwide war on terror and seeking tax reform and fundamental changes in pension benefits for the elderly at home. 
 At least 10 people were killed when the firecrackers they were making in a factory in southern India exploded on Thursday, a news report said. 
 International experts who visited a Moldovan steel factory said employees and residents had not been exposed to dangerous radiation levels during the melting of radioactive materials there, officials said Thursday. 
 Share prices on the London Stock Exchange closed higher Thursday. 
 U.S. Attorney General John Ashcroft is likely to leave his post before the start of President George W. Bush's second term, senior aides said Thursday. 
 An explosion tore through a household goods shop in Siberia, injuring 21 people, emergency officials said Thursday. 
 People who are forced to flee their homes but remain in their countries must be protected and granted rights, officials at a meeting of a 55-nation trans-Atlantic security group said Thursday. 
 Dutch financial services company ING Groep NV said Thursday that third quarter profits rose sharply compared with a year ago due to profits on investments. 
 Former Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu was banned Thursday for seven months after testing positive for a recreational drug. 
 Belarus' authoritarian President Alexander Lukashenko, reproached worldwide for rigging a recent referendum, criticized the U.S. presidential election Thursday, as the Foreign Ministry said it doubted the transparency of the vote. 
 The government on Thursday presented its plan for offsetting Portugal's heavy reliance on oil and imported energy, saying it aimed to expand the use of alternative sources and make gains in energy efficiency. 
 Group Menatep Ltd., the main shareholder of embattled oil company Yukos, threatened international litigation against President Vladimir Putin over the government-led legal assault that has stunted the value of Russia's biggest oil producer by some 82 percent. 
 Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Thursday he had telephoned U.S. President George W. Bush to congratulate him on his election triumph, and told him it was "a victory ... for the uncompromising war against terror." 
 Poland's president said Thursday he has asked U.S. President George W. Bush for help in freeing a Polish-born woman held hostage by militants in Iraq. 
 One of Colombia's most powerful right-wing warlords, wanted in the United States on drug trafficking charges and blamed for numerous rights abuses, is temporarily free to roam around the country. 
 Elizabeth Edwards, wife of former Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards, was diagnosed with breast cancer the day her husband and Sen. John Kerry conceded the U.S. presidential race. 
 One newspaper journalist was attacked and three other threatened in southern Ukraine in the latest in a series of attacks on the media in this former Soviet republic, news reports said Thursday. 
 Luxembourg Prime Minister Jean-Claude Juncker on Thursday retracted his announcement that Yasser Arafat had died, blaming it on a misunderstanding. 
 The U.N. war crimes tribunal has summoned a former rebel commander turned politician in Kosovo for an interview on his role during the province's war, officials said Thursday. 
 At American polling places, international election observer Giovanni Kessler was welcomed, honored and asked to pose for souvenir photographs. 
 Tottenham midfielder Sean Davis will be sidelined for two to three months after having knee surgery, manager Jacques Santini said Thursday. 
 General Motors Corp. workers in Germany would consider more flexible working time in order to win sole production of the company's Epsilon midsize car platform, the chief employee representative for subsidiary Adam Opel AG said Thursday. 
 The day after the U.S. presidential election was decided in favor of President George W. Bush, Iraqis far and wide voiced reactions as deeply divided as those in America. 
 Allies of President Hugo Chavez celebrated Thursday as election authorities settled disputes between rival candidates for governorships in the Oct. 31 elections, officially giving Chavez power over 21 of the 23 states in Venezuela. 
 FC Vitkovice became the third team to have points deducted at the end of the season as punishment for its involvement in a referee bribery scandal, an official said Thursday. 
 The first trial stemming from the Madrid train bombings is to begin Nov. 16, court officials said Thursday. 
 Just 15 months before the start of the games, the chief organizer of the 2006 Turin Winter Olympics is quitting in a power struggle with the Italian government. 
 India's state-run oil firms on Thursday raised gasoline prices by up to 5.6 percent in order to offset higher global crude oil prices, the petroleum minister said. 
 Adrian Mutu was suspended for seven months Thursday for taking cocaine, a punishment his former club Chelsea called "far too lenient." 
 Three homemade bombs exploded in a remote Pakistani town on the Arabian Sea coast Thursday, slightly wounding three people, an official said. 
 President George W. Bush, amid conflicting reports that Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat had died, said Thursday, "God bless his soul." 
 Brazil's defense minister resigned Thursday, less than three weeks after a scandal broke over military repression and torture during the country's 1964-85 dictatorship. 
 California researchers fiddled with a single gene to create mice hypersensitive to nicotine, pointing to a single molecule partly to blame for nicotine's addictive allure. 
 Fremont Investment Advisors of San Francisco has agreed to pay $2.1 million (euro1.63 million) in restitution and $2 million (euro1.55 million) in civil penalties to end a mutual fund timing case, New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer announced Thursday. 
 European Union leaders on Thursday considered taking on a bigger role in rebuilding Iraq and forging stronger ties with re-elected U.S. President George W. Bush. 
 Motorola Inc., the world's second biggest manufacturer of cell phones, said Thursday it has agreed to acquire Crisnet Inc., a privately held software firm that develops record-keeping systems for law enforcement, justice and public safety agencies. 
 Drug kingpin Gilberto Rodriguez Orejuela was on the verge Thursday of becoming the most powerful Colombian trafficker ever extradited to the United States. 
 Incoming European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso on Thursday revamped his European Union executive for parliamentary approval and proposed Italian Foreign Minister Franco Frattini as candidate for justice commissioner. 
 French advertising firm Havas SA sought to hold corporate raider Vincent Bollore at bay Thursday as it posted a 9 percent decline in third-quarter revenue. 
 Two airplanes collided on the runway at Manchester International Airport as they prepared for take off Thursday, airport officials said. 
 Veolia Environnement SA, the water utility that was once at the heart of Vivendi Universal SA, said Thursday that revenue, operating earnings and debt all declined in the third quarter as the company pursued its program of asset disposals. 
 At least 24 people, most of them children, have been infected with E. coli bacteria, and the outbreak might be connected to a petting zoo at last month's state fair, authorities said. 
 French bank BNP Paribas SA on Thursday posted a 13.5 percent increase in net profit in the third quarter, saying lower provisions for bad loans and tight cost controls had more than offset slower growth and choppy equity markets in Europe. 
 The Iraqi government is in the process of setting up a shadow administration that will run Fallujah upon the success of a massive combined assault bringing together U.S. Marines and Army troops, the military said Thursday. 
 Recent record-high oil prices could continue to rise due to high worldwide demand, a Venezuelan oil official said Thursday. 
 A surge in Airbus plane deliveries helped European Aeronautic Defence & Space Co. to more than triple its profit in the third quarter, the company said Thursday as it raised its earnings forecast. 
 Rebels have attacked a convoy of Nigerian pilgrims as it drove across Darfur, killing seven people, the African Union mission said Thursday. 
 A list of the 25 posts of the designated European Commission and the people proposed Thursday to fill them. The European Parliament is expected to vote on the team during the Nov. 15 session. 
 Haute cuisine is going green in a program that recycles restaurant and household food scraps into high-grade compost for Northern California farms and vineyards. 
 An autobiographical documentary made for US$200 (euro155) and a searing feature about pedophilia won top awards Thursday on the final day of the London Film Festival. 
 Palestinian officials gave Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia some of Yasser Arafat's financial powers on Thursday so he could take care of urgent matters that could not be delayed, a Palestinian official said. 
 Kosovo's U.N. administrator pledged Thursday to improve security in the trouble-prone province and urged Serbs to return to Kosovo institutions despite their boycott of recent general elections. 
 Mexico's three Gulf coast crude-oil loading ports were closed Thursday because of poor weather conditions, the Communications and Transportation Department said. 
 The German government on Thursday proposed moving the annual Unity Day holiday to create an extra working day, a plan meant to help boost Europe's biggest economy but labeled as unpatriotic by some critics. 
 Police on Thursday arrested 18 alleged members of a human trafficking gang suspected of smuggling hundreds of people from Turkey to Britain, police said. 
 Georgia will send more troops to Iraq to provide security for U.N. officials, the State Department announced Thursday. 
 Three goals from Austria international Roland Kollmann helped Grazer AK beat Polish side Amica Wronki 3-1 in a UEFA Cup Group F match on Thursday. 
 International terrorists and crime syndicates appear to be using Canada to launder dirty money at a sharply rising rate, according to a federal report released Thursday. 
 President Mikhail Saakashvili announced the beginning of a new U.S. training program for Georgian peacekeepers Thursday, and said his former Soviet republic will join NATO "sooner than many think." 
 The Dutch Soccer Association fined ADO The Hague euro25,000 (US$32,000) and one home game in an empty stadium on Thursday for its fans chanting hateful slogans. 
 A monument to an admiral who fought against the Red Army in Russia's Civil War and was executed by Bolsheviks was unveiled Thursday in the Siberian city of Irkutsk, 130 years after his birth, Russian news reports said. 
 Altria Group Inc. is beginning to make the needed preparations to possibly split up into several parts in order to maximize shareholder value, chairman and chief executive Louis Camilleri said Thursday. 
 The U.N. Security Council demanded that Ivory Coast's government and rebels stick to a cease-fire after army jets bombed a rebel-held city, forcing the United Nations to suspend all humanitarian work in the country. 
 A 10-year-old girl was killed when her father parked his truck in a pile of leaves in which she and a friend were hiding, the family said. The other girl was seriously injured. 
 Heavy suitcases aren't the only things weighing down airplanes and requiring them to burn more fuel, pushing up the cost of flights. A new government study reveals that airlines increasingly have to worry more about the weight of their passengers. 
 The long-delayed construction of a commuter rail will be completed soon, possibly allowing trains to be running before Puerto Rico's new governor takes office in January, local officials said. 
 Amnesty International on Thursday criticized Jamaica for what it called persistent impunity for police officers who unlawfully kill civilians. 
 An American news photographer and two U.S. Marines suffered minor injuries when their vehicle was blasted by a roadside bomb on Thursday. 
 With the U.S. election over, Canadian politicians on Thursday turned to several Canada-US issues including support for a continental missile shield, trade disputes, border security and outspoken politicians. 
 Gold for current delivery closed at $430.10 per troy ounce Thursday on the New York Mercantile Exchange, up from $424.60 late Wednesday. 
 The U.S.-based operator of Latin America's largest gold mine on Thursday announced it was dropping exploration rights to a rich gold deposit in northern Peru following angry protests by locals who feared it would deplete and pollute water supplies. 
 The stock market closed. 
 Vincent Lecavalier signed with Russia's AK Bars Kazan on Thursday to play during the NHL lockout and said Tampa Bay Lightning teammate Brad Richards will be joining him. 
 U.S. Attorney General John Ashcroft is likely to leave his post before the start of President Bush's second term, senior aides said Thursday. 
 New Mexico joined Illinois Thursday in its plan to ease the flu vaccine shortage by buying hundreds of thousands of shots from European wholesalers, though neither state has federal approval to go through with the purchase. 
 With three straight wins, Jimmie Johnson has NASCAR points leader Kurt Busch looking in his rearview mirror. 
 Oil futures prices plunged by more than US$2 a barrel Thursday, continuing a selloff that began last week amid rising U.S. supplies of crude and expectations of a surge in heating oil production before winter arrives. 
 Top-seeded Andy Roddick and defending champion Tim Henman lost their third-round matches in straight sets at the Paris Masters on Thursday. 
 A $100 million (euro77.6 million) supercomputer being built to analyze the U.S. nuclear stockpile has again set an unofficial performance record _ the second in just over a month. 
 Wall Street bounded higher for the second straight day Thursday as investors reveled in sharply falling oil prices and the pro-business agenda of the second Bush administration. The Dow Jones industrials gained more than 177 points for its best day of 2004, while the S&P 500 closed at its highest level since early 2002. 
 Prime Minister Omar Karami asked parliament to endorse his newly formed Cabinet on Thursday, promising to introduce a fairer election law and preserve Lebanon's "strong" ties to Syria. 
 Mexico's state oil company Petroleos Mexicanos could start to see benefits from an easier tax burden by 2006 or 2007, the company's chief financial officer said Thursday. 
 An appeals court on Thursday acquitted a dissident National Guard general accused of entering an off-limits security zone during an anti-government protest. 
 British soccer and style icon David Beckham, as famous for his trendsetting hairstyles as his on-field performances, has another feather to add to his cap _ artistic muse. 
 The dollar was down modestly in New York trading Thursday, continuing to follow its trend lower as it adjusts to the structural challenges posed by the U.S. current account deficit. 
 President Bashar Assad has ordered bonuses of 50 percent of one's monthly salary to be paid to about 5 million civil servants, military personnel and pensioners, the official Syrian Arab News Agency reported Thursday. 
 A goal from Radoslav Gilewicz was enough to lift Austria vice-champion FK Austria Vienna past Spanish side Real Zaragoza 1-0 in a UEFA Cup Group C match onThursday. 
 Mexico unveiled a new 1,000 peso bill Thursday, the largest denomination available in the currency. 
 Viacom Inc., parent of CBS and MTV, said Thursday it expects to make an offer to buy the remainder of financial information and news provider MarketWatch Inc. that it does not already own. MarketWatch shares rose 10 percent on the news. 
 Tiger Woods is taking a swing at the builder of his luxury yacht "Privacy," accusing the shipyard in a lawsuit of using his name and photograph for financial gain without permission. 
 As only the second Swedish player in NFL history, Washington Redskins kicker Ola Kimrin hears a few unusual questions in the locker room. 
 Mexican stocks followed their U.S. peers higher Thursday amid renewed hopes for economic growth as tension from the U.S. presidential election subsided. 
 Hollywood studios said Thursday they will file hundreds of lawsuits later this month against individuals who swap pirated copies of movies over the Internet. 
 New Zealand's Telecom Corp. on Friday said growth in mobile phone and broadband services helped it post a 19 percent hike in net profit in the first quarter ended Sept. 30, compared with the year-ago quarter. 
 Oil prices dropped below $49 a barrel Thursday for the first time since September amid reports that Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat had died. 
 President Jacques Chirac will travel to Abu Dhabi on Friday to pay his respects to the new president of the United Arab Emirates following the death of his father, Chirac's office said Thursday. 
 Dragging radar equipment behind a farm tractor, scientists Thursday scanned an old rail yard for buried artifacts from Savannah's bloody Revolutionary War battle in 1779. 
 General Motors Corp. told dealers the company is conducting four simultaneous recalls, for a total of 1.5 million vehicles in North America, for a variety of reasons, including a problem with some sedans where the accelerator can get stuck open. 
 Ruben Magnano resigned as coach of Argentina's Olympic champion basketball team on Thursday to accept a head coaching job in Italy. 
 A county commission race in this gambling state was decided in true Nevada fashion _ by the luck of the draw. 
 The government said Thursday it is purchasing 75 million doses of a new generation anthrax vaccine under an $877.5 million (euro682 million) contract _ the first awarded through a federal program to develop and stockpile antidotes to biological and chemical weapons. 
 Two days after the Democrats took at drubbing at the polls across the country, Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger referred to leaders of the state's majority party as "losers." 
 Lawyers who offer to help reporters by sending them copies of court documents by fax or e-mail do so at the peril of losing their immunity to defamation suits, the Pennsylvania Supreme Court has ruled. 
 Thousands of cocktail waitresses, housekeepers, bellhops and other workers returned to their jobs Thursday, ending a monthlong strike that hit them in the pocketbook and cost this gambling town visitors. 
 Sporting Lisbon opened its UEFA Cup group D campaign with a 4-1 win Thursday over Greek visitor Panionios in a mostly one-sided encounter. 
 President George W. Bush parlayed an aggressive outreach effort and campaign themes of moral values and fighting terrorism into increased support from Hispanics to help him win re-election. 
 European Union leaders meeting at a summit Thursday were expected to give strong backing to a European negotiating team seeking to persuade Iran to limit its nuclear program to peaceful purposes. 
 Boudewijn Zenden scored twice as European rookie Middlesbrough beat Lazio 2-0 in the group stage of the UEFA Cup on Thursday. 
 European Union leaders prepared to close a summit meeting Friday with a blunt warning that sacrifices will have to be made if the core of the vaunted welfare system is to survive the drive to make the EU's economy more dynamic than the United States and Asia by 2010. 
 The White House said Thursday it saw a new opportunity to advance Mideast peace, with President George W. Bush's second term secured and Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's bid to withdraw from Gaza set for next summer. 
 As the Champ Car series builds to its climactic end on Sunday in Mexico City, Bruno Junqueira finds himself swapping secrets with the man who may keep him from the season title: Newman/Haas teammate Sebastien Bourdais. 
 Myanmar's beleaguered opposition party has praised the way the U.S. presidential election was held, saying their military-ruled country should emulate America. 
 Charlie Manuel's thick Southern drawl, down-home charm and folksy nature make him an odd fit for gritty Philadelphia. He'll be a perfect choice as manager if he leads the Phillies to the major league baseball playoffs. 
 Today is Friday, November 12, the 316th day of 2004. There are 49 days left in the year. 
 Eight dolphins died this week when they were washed ashore on Venezuela's Margarita Island, some 240 miles (400 kilometers) northeast of Caracas, an environmental ministry official said. 
 Contending Americans have embraced his conservative agenda, President George W. Bush pledged to aggressively pursue major changes in Social Security, the tax code and medical malpractice awards, working with Democrats if they are receptive and leaving them behind if they're not. 
 President George W. Bush calls it a "great Washington sport," the speculation about who will be in his second-term Cabinet, but even he says there will be new faces sitting around the polished mahogany table in the West Wing of the White House. 
 Militants claiming to hold three U.N. hostages said they would decide Friday whether to kill them, after declaring that talks on their demands, including the release of Taliban prisoners, had broken down. 
 When Jennifer Peterson joined the Peace Corps in 2000, she wanted to go to the Middle East. That left her with just one option _ Jordan, where she spent two years teaching English to girls. 
 Former President Alberto Fujimori is on a watch list barring his entry to the United States because of allegation of corruption and abuse during his decade-long authoritarian regime, a U.S. diplomatic official said. 
 European Union leaders are set to deepen their involvement in Iraq Friday, offering Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi the prospect of a special trade and aid deal as part of European rebuilding efforts there. 
 A judge rejected a defense effort to remove the district attorney in the Michael Jackson child molestation case on the grounds that the pop star had been the victim of an overzealous prosecution. 
 Doctors fought to keep Yasser Arafat, unconscious and gravely ill, alive as anxious Palestinian officials held an emergency meeting on how to prevent unrest if their 75-year-old leader dies. 
 Hamid Karzai is pledging to use his five-year term as Afghanistan's first elected president to crack down on warlords and the re-emerging country's booming drug economy. 
 A letter left on the body of a Dutch filmmaker murdered in Amsterdam contained death threats against a Dutch politician and appears to have been written by an unknown organization, the justice minister said. 
 La Scala's back where it belongs. 
 The U.S. dollar was trading at 106.14 yen on the Tokyo foreign exchange market at 9 a.m. (0000 GMT) Friday, down 0.20 yen from late Thursday. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair went to bed on the night of the U.S. presidential election believing John Kerry had won, a newspaper reported Friday. 
 A National Guard F-16 fighter jet on a nighttime training mission strafed an elementary school with 25 rounds of ammunition, authorities said Thursday. No one was injured. 
 Jazz pianist and songwriter Joe Bushkin, who co-wrote Frank Sinatra's first hit and performed with some of the best jazz musicians of his time, has died of pneumonia. He was 87. 
 Iraq's interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi visits NATO headquarters for the first time Friday as military experts from the Atlantic alliance mull plans to expand a training mission for the country's military. 
 President George W. Bush's victory, the approval of every anti-gay marriage amendment on statewide ballots and an emphasis on "moral values" among voters showed the power of churchgoing Americans in this election and threw the nation's religious divide into stark relief. 
 A new survey indicates the number of foreign graduate students enrolling for the first time at American universities is down 6 percent this year _ the third straight decline after a decade of growth. Educators worry the trend is eroding America's position as the world's leader in higher education. 
 A month before the video game's scheduled release in the United States this coming Tuesday, illegal copies of the hot sci-fi action title "Halo 2" were already circulating on the Internet. 
 In a gesture to Muslims, the State Department set up a prayer room for some 150 guests invited to dinner by Secretary of State Colin Powell to end their daylight Ramadan fast. 
 Movies are getting real for the holidays. 
 Superheroes are typically loners, not family guys. 
 Ja Rule probably should have battled nemesis 50 Cent with sticks and stones, considering what happened after their war of words. 
 Three British soldiers in the Black Watch regiment were killed in a suicide attack at a vehicle checkpoint in central Iraq, officials said. 
 When Nirvana performed "Lithium" at the 1992 MTV Music Video Awards, Kurt Cobain wore a curious T-shirt with a frog logo and the question, "Hi, how are you?" 
 Val Kilmer sings his way through plagues and out of slavery in a production that one critic has labeled a "big, fat biblical boondoggle." 
 Insurgents attacked British troops at a checkpoint in central Iraq, killing three and wounding eight in a suicide bomb and mortar barrage aimed at soldiers sent to the high-risk area to free U.S. forces for an assault on the militant stronghold Fallujah. 
 Pushing for a peace accord by week's end, Nigeria's president called together Sudan government officials and Darfur rebels to try to resolve differences over creation of a no-fly zone. 
 Incoming European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso revamped his European Union executive for parliamentary approval and proposed Italian Foreign Minister Franco Frattini as candidate for justice commissioner. 
 Jake Shears loves his fabulous wardrobe: plume-topped hats, flowing boas, formfitting bodysuits, tops adorned with glitter and fur. There's only one thing he despises: his new pair of orthopedic sneakers. 
 With his chiseled cheekbones, porcelain skin and wispy brunette locks, Ben Jelen looks like he's walked straight out of a Calvin Klein ad. In fact, when his manager spotted first spotted him, that's just what he had in mind for the young Jelen. 
 Just when you thought computer-animated extravaganzas had devolved into little more than a litany of played-out pop culture references and some swaths of bright color comes "The Incredibles," a smart, sophisticated, much-needed reminder _ after "Shark Tale" _ of the best the genre can be. 
 Experts on Peru's Shining Path insurgency are concerned that the government is not fully prepared for the Friday's retrial of rebel leader Abimael Guzman in a civilian court and warn that missteps could lay the legal basis for hundreds of high-level guerrillas eventually being freed. 
 New Zealand posted a 1.01 billion New Zealand dollar (US$698 million; euros 542 million) trade deficit in September _ the second largest on record, new figures showed Friday. 
 Organizations that advocate for civil liberties, abortion rights and the environment said they have seen a spike in donations since President George W. Bush's re-election. 
 European Union leaders refused to speculate on the impact that Yasser Arafat's departure could have on Middle East peace efforts, as the Palestinian leader fought for his life in a French hospital. 
 An army major convicted of taking part in an assassination attempt on a left-wing politician has broken out of a military prison _ the latest in an embarrassing series of escapes that have authorities looking into whether the former officers are aided by prison officials. 
 Deciding to risk the wrath of NATO ally Greece, the United States has recognized the small Balkan nation of Macedonia under its constitutional name, the Republic of Macedonia. 
 Gold opened at US$430.25 an ounce on Friday in Hong Kong, up US$4.10 an ounce from Thursday's close of US$426.15. 
 A former oilfield worker was executed Thursday for the fatal beating and slashing of a college student who was abducted while home on spring break. 
 A former envoy for Afghanistan's Taliban leadership was arrested Thursday for allegedly filing false income tax returns. 
 After ending New England's 21-game winning streak last week, the Pittsburgh Steelers greet the Philadelphia Eagles _ the NFL's last unbeaten team _ on Sunday in a game which might preview a matchup for a much grander title. 
 Voters in northeastern England have overwhelmingly rejected plans for a new regional assembly to manage local affairs, scuppering the government's hopes of shaking up the way Britain is governed. 
 Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia received some additional powers and was to visit Gaza on Friday, officials said, signs of growing concern over Yasser Arafat's worsening condition in a French hospital. 
 A passenger bus plunged 150 meters (495 feet) off a mountain highway in Peru's southern Andes, killing 17 people and injuring 36 others, police said. 
 Warning that Darfur is descending into anarchy, the top U.N. envoy to Sudan urged the quick deployment of African troops to deter violence and an acceleration in the peace talks to prevent warlords from taking control of the vast western region. 
 After months of negotiations, Walt Disney World and leaders of its largest union group agreed Thursday to a tentative contract that will likely avert a strike at the theme park resort. 
 The government is warning U.S. citizens about the potential for terrorist attacks in Uzbekistan. 
 Heavy rains late Thursday prompted Red Cross officials to suspend their efforts to rescue 5- and 6-year-old brothers who have been trapped for four days in a deep cave in Mexico's southernmost state, Chiapas. 
 Former President Alberto Fujimori is on a watch list barring his entry to the United States because of allegation of corruption and abuse during his decade-long authoritarian regime, a U.S. diplomatic official said. 
 Tokyo stocks rose Friday morning as Wall Street's overnight rally buoyed local blue-chip issues. The U.S. dollar was down against the Japanese yen. 
 Brazil will send more troops to Haiti to restore order in the violence-wracked nation, helping boost a United Nations peacekeeping force to 5,500, a top government official said at a summit of Latin American leaders. 
 United Airlines has sent its employee unions new contract proposals, seeking to terminate pensions and demanding other concessions. 
 Though Yasser Arafat lies gravely ill in a Paris hospital, Palestinians have refused to begin planning for his funeral or coordinate with Israel on the movement of attending foreign dignitaries, officials say. 
 Oil futures prices slipped Friday, continuing a downward trend prompted by rising U.S. crude supplies and expectations of a production surge for the Northern Hemisphere winter. 
 Canadian health officials said they have received reports linking Pfizer Inc. painkiller Celebrex to 14 deaths and numerous heart-related side effects, but that it would be premature to issue a warning or pull the drug from the shelves. 
 Australia is ready to begin a new debate on dropping Britain's queen as head of state, despite the recent re-election of staunchly monarchist Prime Minister John Howard, lobbyists said. 
 Doctors on Friday urged that a TV program set to show a man eating live centipedes and cockroaches be canceled, saying it might endanger the lives of copycat youngsters. 
 As NASA's Mars rovers keep rolling past all expectations of their useful lives, scientists have a happy mystery: For some reason one of the vehicles has actually gained power recently. 
 Vietnam will consider reducing the number of offenses punishable by death due to an international "trend of humanization and democracy," state-controlled media reported Friday. 
 Suspected Muslim insurgents killed a soldier in an attack on troops protecting Buddhist monks Friday, and Thailand's prime minister accused the militants of trying to provoke harsh crackdowns to gain sympathy abroad. 
 Defending champion Amelie Mauresmo advanced to the quarterfinals at the Advanta Tennis Championships, defeating Iveta Benesova of the Czech Republic 6-2, 6-2. 
 The NBA returned to Charlotte on Thursday night after a two-year absence, but the expansion Bobcats opened their inaugural season with a 103-96 loss to the Washington Wizards. 
 Beijing has announced a symbolically lucky _ but hot _ opening time for the 2008 Summer Olympics, putting it at the height of the Chinese capital's scorching summer at 8:08 p.m. on Aug. 8, '08. 
 Paul Gauguin's "Maternite (II)," a painting of a nursing mother and her infant, sold for $39.2 million (euro30.5 million), a record for the artist, auctioneers said. 
 Indonesian police Friday found the severed head of a local government official in a town in Central Sulawesi province, where Muslim-Christian violence killed 1,000 people three years ago, an officer said. 
 Delegates to a meeting of Asia's biggest security grouping called Friday for closer military cooperation amid concern about terrorism and North Korea's nuclear program. 
 Japanese prisons are at their most crowded level in more than three decades because of rising violent crime and a trend toward meting out longer sentences, a government report said Friday. 
 One U.S. soldier was killed and another wounded when a roadside bomb hit their vehicle, the U.S. military said Friday. 
 Three hundred years from now, the world's population will have stabilized at about 9 billion and we will look forward to living until age 95. In Japan, that bastion of longevity, people will be hanging around until they're 106. 
 Prosecutors on Friday published a U.S. forensic expert's final report on the election-eve shooting of Taiwanese President Chen Shui-bian, but it provided no new clues to the mystery and appeared unlikely to quell speculation that it was a political stunt. 
 Yasser Arafat is brain dead and kept on life support, an Israeli Cabinet minister said Friday. 
 Canadian aluminum giant Alcan Inc. has signed an agreement to buy gas from Australia's Woodside Petroleum for a planned 2 billion Australian dollar (US$1.51 billion; euro 1.17 billion) refinery upgrade in the Northern Territory, the companies said Friday. 
 Abigail Spears upset No. 4 seed and fellow American Jill Craybas 6-1, 6-2 Thursday to advance to the third round of the Bell Challenge. 
 At least 10 miners were killed and six trapped below ground when leaking gas exploded in a northern China coal mine, the government said Friday. 
 A former Ho Chi Minh City prosecutor was arrested for allegedly paying off police to help Vietnam's most notorious underworld gang, state-controlled media reported Friday. 
 Australian spies working with police and French authorities foiled a likely terror attack on Sydney, led by a suspected French al-Qaida operative, officials said. 
 Two U.S. Marines were killed and four others injured during combat operations in Anbar province west of Baghdad, the U.S. military command said Friday. 
 Beijing hopes the smelly reputation of its public restrooms will be, well, flushed down the toilet soon. 
 Suspected Tamil Tiger rebels have fatally shot a member of a rival Tamil group that supports a united Sri Lanka, police said Friday. 
 President Vladimir Putin has signed a bill confirming Russia's ratification of the Kyoto Protocol, giving the final stamp of approval that would bring the global climate pact into force early next year, the Kremlin said Friday. 
 The U.S. dollar was trading at 106.10 yen on the Tokyo foreign exchange market at 3 p.m. (0600 GMT) Friday, down 0.24 yen from late Thursday. 
 The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues closed at 11,061.77 points on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Friday, up 115.50 points, or 1.06 percent, from Thursday. 
 An air base used by U.S. forces and their allies will get a US$108 million (euro 84 million) upgrade in the next several years to make troop dormitories and other facilities more permanent, the American military said Friday. 
 Yasser Arafat is brain dead and kept on life support, an Israeli Cabinet minister and Israeli security officials said Friday. 
 Oil futures prices slipped Friday, continuing a downward trend prompted by rising U.S. crude supplies and expectations of a production surge for the Northern Hemisphere winter. 
 Kazakhstan's parliament on Friday approved a bill giving the government priority in buying stakes in energy projects put up for sale in the oil-rich nation. 
 A Nepalese worker who was taken hostage in Iraq this week has been freed and is safe in Baghdad, Nepalese official said. 
 Japan Airlines Corp. reported Friday that it returned to earning profits in first half of the fiscal year as international travel picked up from a decline a year ago caused by the war in Iraq and the SARS outbreak in Asia. 
 China will spend tens of millions of dollars (euros) refurbishing the nearly century-old rail link between the southwestern city of Kunming and Vietnam's capital Hanoi, state media reported Friday. 
 Nokia Corp., the world's largest mobile phone maker, plans to bring 40 new handsets to the market next year as it seeks to expand its already dominant market share amid increased competition from rivals Motorola Inc., Samsung Electronics Co. and Sony Ericsson. 
 Bolstered by a hard-fought election victory, President George W. Bush says the United States will vigorously pursue wars in Iraq and against terror and will not retreat from trying to spread democracy through the Middle East. 
 Authorities were on alert in Pakistan's largest city ahead of a traditional Shiite Muslim procession Friday, after intelligence reports indicated threats of a terrorist attack, officials said. 
 Gold bullion opened Friday at a bid price of US$426.70 a troy ounce, up from US$423.40 late Thursday. 
 People have been digging up remains from graves to make room for their own departed loved ones in land-scarce Hong Kong, an investigation showed. 
 Lawmakers said Friday they were set to begin debating whether to ratify the newly signed European Union constitution, with many hoping Lithuania would become the first country in the 25-member bloc to approve the historic document. 
 The Bush administration is preparing a strategy for resumed Mideast peacemaking that rests heavily on an emerging core of Palestinian leaders taking charge of keeping order and nurturing an embryonic government. 
 Procedure for transfer of power within Palestinian Authority: 
 As many as three European banks may have submitted bids to purchase National Australia Bank's two units in Ireland, newspapers reported Friday. 
 Key points of the Kyoto Protocol: 
 Tokyo stocks rose 1 percent Friday as Wall Street's overnight rally buoyed Sony Corp., Honda Motor Co. and other blue-chip issues. The U.S. dollar was down against the Japanese yen. 
 Germany plans "no change of course" on Iraq following the re-election of U.S. President George W. Bush and will stand by its refusal to send soldiers there, the country's defense minister said in comments published Friday. 
 Annika Sorenstam started her quest for a record fourth consecutive Mizuno Classic golf title with an eagle Friday and held a share of the lead after the first round of the US$1 million (euro 780,000) LPGA Tour event. 
 British Prime Minister Tony Blair extended his "deepest sympathy" Friday to the families of three British soldiers killed in a suicide attack in Iraq, but reiterated the international community must continue to support a transition to democracy in the country. 
 Gold closed at US$429.75 an ounce on Friday in Hong Kong, up US$3.60 an ounce from Thursday's close of US$426.15. 
 Four buses carrying pilgrims to Karbala plunged into a river Friday in central Iraq, killing 18 people on board, hospital officials said. 
 Former Deputy Prime Minster Anwar Ibrahim on Friday visited his traditional power base in northern Malaysia for the first time in more than six years, in a test of whether he still commands strong support after being freed from prison. 
 Ugandan rebels have been weakened by the army's use of helicopter gunships to stamp out an 18-year insurgency, but security has not improved in northern districts where rebels still stage attacks, a refugee advocacy group said Friday. 
 An automatic safety system has shut down a nuclear reactor at a power plant in southern Russia, but there has been no radiation leak, officials said Friday. 
 Two bombs exploded near army convoys and assailants fired rockets at a Pakistani military base in a restive tribal region, injuring two civilians, officials said Friday. 
 Asian stock markets closed mostly higher Friday, boosted by gains on Wall Street and a drop in oil prices. 
 The president of the U.N. war crimes court was to meet Croatia's top government officials on the second day of his visit to the country which is still under pressure to arrest and extradite a top war crimes suspect. 
 A freight train derailed in northeastern England Friday, causing delays on the passenger line between London and Edinburgh, Scotland. No injuries were reported. 
 Iraqi kidnappers have released two Lebanese hostages held for more than a month after a ransom was paid, one of the former hostages said Friday. 
 British Cabinet minister Peter Hain on Friday leaves for New Zealand, where he will meet Prime Minister Helen Clark _ once a fellow activist in the international campaign to end apartheid in South Africa. 
 Dutch prosecutors said Friday that an Islamic radical accused of killing Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh and slitting his throat will be tried as a terrorist. 
 Voters in northeastern England have overwhelmingly rejected plans for a new regional assembly to manage local affairs, scuppering the government's hopes of shaking up the way Britain is governed. 
 Turkey is against the establishment of a separate Kurdish region within Iraq, but Ankara is ready to provide any help Iraqi Kurds may need, the Turkish foreign minister said in comments published Friday. 
 Insurgents killed two U.S. Marines and wounded four others in fighting west of Baghdad, the U.S. military said Friday, as U.S. jets pounded targets in the insurgent-held city of Fallujah to soften up militants ahead of a planned mass assault. 
 The combat hospital on the chief U.S. base near Fallujah has set up a morgue and doubled medical staff and supplies in preparation for an expected stream of casualties from an anticipated assault on the rebel stronghold. 
 French President Jacques Chirac on Friday urged the families of two French journalists being held hostage in Iraq not to give up hope that they could eventually be released. 
 Expectations for the yuan's future value surged to a seven-month high against the U.S. dollar Friday on speculation that China may be preparing to loosen tight currency controls. 
 Latvian police said Friday they had arrested and charged two men for the brutal murder of an American missionary earlier this week. 
 Police have arrested 37 people and seized more than 100 weapons in an investigation of arms dealing over the Internet, officials said Friday. 
 A trailer broke off a truck and slammed into a minibus Friday on a southern Russian highway, killing nine people, emergency officials said. 
 India's prime minister urged business and political leaders on Friday to make sure the 21st century is hailed as the "Asian century" by working with regional counterparts to create an economic community of nations. 
 Defense officials of Asia's biggest security group pledged Friday to expand military cooperation to fight terrorism, drug-trafficking and other non-traditional threats, the chairman of the meeting said. 
 Museums were closed, driving tests disrupted and ministerial cars went unwashed Friday when British civil servants staged their biggest strike in more than a decade. 
 A mortar shell targeting an Iraqi police station in central Iraq fell short, killing two children in a nearby home, police said Friday. 
 David Beckham, who has been sidelined for a month with a broken rib, hopes to return to action for Real Madrid next weekend. 
 An ethnic Albanian arrested in Kosovo for allegedly intimidating witnesses in an upcoming war crimes trial has been sent to the U.N. tribunal, officials said Friday. 
 The European Union announced plans Friday for a Bosnia-wide campaign to encourage ethnic integration and introduce its peacekeeping mission, which will take over from NATO next month. 
 JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Cazenove Group PLC said Friday they were launching a joint venture to combine their investment banking services for British customers. 
 Two convicted rapists suspected in a string of sexual assaults have been arrested, police said Friday. 
 Two unarmed members of a militia group in Nigeria's volatile southern oil region were killed by rivals in violation of a five-week-old truce reached to end violence threatening the country's oil industry, a militia leader said Friday. 
 Thousands of Romanian clerks who are striking to demand higher wages and threatening to disrupt elections this month marched through several cities on Friday. 
 A jury on Friday found a Russian physicist guilty of spying for China in a case rights advocates call part of a campaign of intimidation against academics by Russia's successor agency to the KGB. 
 Thousands of Fiat workers walked off their jobs in plants across Italy on Friday to protest turnaround plans at the unprofitable automaker, unions said. 
 Iraq's interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi appealed for NATO to speed up plans for a major expansion of its training program for Iraq's armed forces, warning delays were hindering efforts to end the violence ravaging his country. 
 The pope Friday appointed the Rev. Ronald Herzog, a pastor in Laurel, Mississippi, as bishop of Alexandria, Louisiana. 
 Militia fighters clashed with army units in Congo's volatile east, forcing at least 2,000 people to flee, officials said Friday. 
 Unbeaten in its last three league matches and still in contention for three major titles _ Champions League, Copa del Rey and Spanish league _ Real Madrid prepared to meet 14th-placed Malaga in buoyant mood Friday. 
 Angelo Que of the Philippines shot a six-under-par 66 on Friday to lead the pack after the second round of the inaugural Vietnam Masters. 
 The Vatican, in a message Friday for the end of Ramadan, urged joint efforts by Muslims and Catholics to protect children from "evils" ranging from sex abuse and organ trafficking to forced military conscription. 
 Chadians who have shared their meager food reserves with refugees from Sudan's western Darfur region are now facing increased rates of malnutrition, the U.N. refugee agency said Friday. 
 In Tom Russell's songs, the movie stars of the past are homeless and forgotten, baseball heroes fall victim to injury and alcoholism, and few dreams come true. 
 The president of the U.N. war crimes tribunal on Friday urged Croatia to capture and extradite a fugitive general suspected of wartime atrocities before a Nov. 23 deadline. 
 A nuclear reactor at a power plant in western Ukraine has been shut down due to an oil leak from one of its generators, but there has been no increase in radiation levels, officials said Friday. 
 Insurgents killed two U.S. Marines and wounded four others in fighting west of Baghdad, the U.S. military said Friday, as U.S. jets pounded targets in the insurgent-held city of Fallujah to soften up militants ahead of a planned mass assault. 
 The wife of a Filipino accountant kidnapped by Iraqi militants appealed Friday for his release, reminding his abductors that there are no longer any Filipino troops in the war-torn nation. 
 The Ministry of Defense released the names Friday of three British soldiers killed in an insurgent suicide attack in central Iraq. 
 World champion Shizuka Arakawa of Japan overcame a case of jitters and a new pair of skates Friday to win the women's short program at the NHK Trophy. 
 Germany's biggest utility, E.On AG, said Friday it is buying a majority stake in the gas business of Hungary's largest oil and gas company, MOL RT. 
 Russian forces in Chechnya killed two Turkish militants who were fighting alongside Chechen separatists, officials said Friday. 
 Police seized dozens of illegally excavated antiquities and arrested a Greek man after raiding his business on a southern Greek island, police said Friday. 
 Increasingly large numbers of Vietnamese hill tribespeople are crossing into Cambodia, mistakenly thinking that the United Nations will help them reclaim confiscated lands in Vietnam, the global body said Friday. 
 Latvian ice hockey star Sergei Zholtok died from heart failure after he collapsed while playing a game in Belarus, medical officials said Friday. 
 State oil company Sonangol said Friday it has refused to renew some of French oil giant Total's offshore production licenses. 
 Pakistan's government has welcomed the re-election of U.S. President George W. Bush, but its enthusiasm isn't shared by the vast majority of the Muslim population, critical of the war on terror. 
 Spurred by a summer banking crisis and a post-Sept. 11 money-laundering clampdown by U.S. regulators, the Union Bank of California has cut its ties with some 450 Russian banks. 
 With the government poised to privatize its tobacco monopoly, more than 1,000 company workers protested Friday against unpaid wages and planned factory shutdowns. 
 Portugal is ready to keep its police contingent in Iraq but is waiting to see whether elections planned for January go ahead before making the decision, Prime Minister Pedro Santana Lopes said Friday. 
 Rising interest rates and a reliance on credit were blamed Friday for an increased number of British bankruptcies. 
 The U.S. decision to recognize Macedonia under that name has triggered a national euphoria and a wave of pro-American sentiment in the troubled Balkan country. 
 Elizabeth Edwards, the wife of former vice presidential candidate John Edwards, will undergo more tests to determine how far her breast cancer has advanced and ways to treat it. 
 European Union regulators on Friday cleared a joint venture between construction company Bilfinger Berger AG and sports rights agency Sportfive GmbH to operate the new stadium in Frankfurt which will host five World Cup matches in 2006. 
 Opposition presidential candidate Viktor Yushchenko on Friday won the support of Ukraine's Socialist leader, his campaign manager said, an alliance that could prove crucial in his Nov. 21 runoff with Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych. 
 The 55-nation Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe urged Albanian political leaders Friday to speed up reforms needed ahead of general elections set for mid-2005. 
 Police in riot gear used clubs to break up a clash between two groups of students at a university in Istanbul on Friday. 
 Everton is coping just fine without Wayne Rooney, marquee players or a big payroll. 
 Portugal is ready to keep its police contingent in Iraq but wants assurances that elections planned for January in Iraq will go ahead before taking a decision on whether it stays, Prime Minister Pedro Santana Lopes said Friday. 
 Greece sent the European Union Commission a memorandum Friday outlining the measures it plans to take in order to slash its budget deficit for 2005 to acceptable levels. 
 President Vladimir Putin named a new chief of Russia's Land Forces and instructed him Friday to form an all-volunteer force in the volatile Caucasus region, which includes Chechnya. 
 Barbara Schett tore two ligaments in her right ankle Friday, dealing a blow to Austria's team ahead of the Fed Cup semifinals later this month. 
 With Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat clinging to life in a Paris hospital, European Union leaders emerged from a two-day summit Friday urging the revival of moribund peace negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians. 
 A small boat smashed into a barge on the Danube River, killing two retired Vienna firefighters and leaving four other people missing and presumed dead, police said Friday. 
 Australian skipper Ricky Ponting slammed the crumbling track on which his team crashed to a 13-run defeat Friday after being bundled out for 93 runs in its second innings of the fourth and final test match against India. 
 Any night that opens with Mikhail Baryshnikov center stage can't be all bad, even if he's wearing wing tips instead of ballet slippers. 
 The European Union must be ready for the possibility that Turkey will not meet the tough economic and political criteria to join the bloc, French President Jacques Chirac said Friday. 
 Five Egyptians arrested in connection with last month's Sinai explosions have been charged with committing terrorist acts and premeditated murder, officials at the prosecutor's office said Friday. 
 Saboteurs set off an explosion Friday damaging a gas pipeline in northern Iraq, police and oil officials said. 
 National elections will be held during the last week of January but no precise date has been set, the head of the Iraqi election commission said Friday. 
 Kyrgyz opposition groups pledged Friday to work together ahead of parliamentary elections next year and support each others' candidates, as they warned that the government was becoming more authoritarian. 
 Manchester City midfielder Trevor Sinclair is out for the rest of the season with a knee injury. 
 Heavy rains filled a cave in southern Mexico where two children had been trapped for days, forcing emergency officials to abandon their rescue operation early Friday and give up hope that the two brothers were alive. 
 Russia coach Georgy Yartsev announced a preliminary 26-man roster Friday for the World Cup qualifier against Estonia later this month. 
 Holding company IFIL SpA said Friday it will sell the foods division of retailer La Rinascente SpA to French supermarket retailer Auchan in a deal worth euro1.06 billion (US$1.36 billion). 
 Ugandan police released a Roman Catholic priest Friday because they didn't have enough evidence to back up charges he collaborated with rebels in an insurgency that has forced more than 1.5 million people from their homes, a church official said. 
 U.S. attack helicopters opened fire Friday on rebels operating an illegal checkpoint south of Baghdad, killing or wounding an "unknown number" of insurgents, the U.S. military said. 
 The government will consult Spain's highest court on whether the European Union constitution clashes with the country's own charter, Deputy Prime Minister Maria Teresa Fernandez de la Vega said Friday. 
 In the aftermath of John Kerry's defeat in the U.S. presidential election, psychologists and psychiatrists in states that voted heavily for the Democratic challenger are hearing plenty of distress and disappointment. 
 The Indian army has launched a major offensive against separatist rebels near India's northeastern frontier with Myanmar, killing at least 13 rebels and capturing another 34, an army spokesman said Friday. 
 Tobacco companies lost a court fight Friday to overturn new restrictions on advertising in places where cigarettes are sold. 
 Army explosives teams and firefighters on Friday were snuffing out small fires and searching for unexploded fireworks around the blackened site of a Danish fireworks factory destroyed in a blaze. 
 Czech legislators voted Friday to put government stamps on bottles of alcohol in an attempt to curb illicit production and distribution of liquor. 
 David Ortiz picked up right where he left off _ this time on the other side of the world. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair said in an interview published Friday that U.S. President George W. Bush wanted to use his second term in office to heal the rift with Europe over the Iraq war. 
 In the era of racial segregation _ when leaders in the U.S. Army did not think blacks were capable of flying _ a group of minority pilots changed the way the military looked at race. 
 A Romanian first division soccer match was postponed Friday after 18 players became sick with food poisoning. 
 Hungarian-born U.S. billionaire and philanthropist George Soros received an award from President Ferenc Madl Friday in recognition of his support for Hungary's transition from communism to democracy. 
 Russia is seeking to slow the brain-drain of computer specialists and increase software production, a top government official said Friday, in an effort that some hope will help diversify the country's oil-dependent economy. 
 The security situation in Sudan's embattled Darfur region continues to deteriorate, undermining the ability of U.N. agencies to provide humanitarian relief, the global body said Friday. 
 A British lawyer received a bravery award Friday for saving the lives of seven people trapped by the devastating earthquake in the Iranian city of Bam last year _ and said the honor has helped her to come to terms with the tragedy. 
 The government said Friday it would block neighboring Macedonia from joining NATO or the European Union unless a name dispute with the Balkan republic is resolved. 
 Colombia's president dismissed four military officers after an army major jailed for taking part in an assassination attempt on a left-wing politician escaped from a military prison. 
 Iraq's interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi said Friday the window for a peaceful settlement of the standoff over the insurgent-held city of Fallujah was closing fast. 
 JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Cazenove Group PLC, one of Britain's oldest and most respected financial advisory firms, said Friday they were launching a joint venture to combine their investment banking services for British customers. 
 Yasser Arafat asked to be buried in Jerusalem, the top Muslim cleric in the city said Friday, in the first official comment on the ailing Palestinian leader's burial wishes. 
 The arrest of an alleged Islamic extremist in the slaying of filmmaker Theo van Gogh prompted a conservative Dutch political leader on Friday to suggest that Islamic radicals suspected of crimes be deported. 
 A mosque collapsed in northeastern Morocco, authorities said Friday, killing 10 people. 
 A representative of the Bosnian Muslims living in Slovenia protested Friday against what he said was "planned and systematic" discrimination against minorities in this EU member country. 
 India's leader said Friday his country's commitment to resolving the Kashmir dispute depended on whether Pakistan stops suspected Islamic insurgents from using its territory to launch attacks against India, a news report said. 
 The Hungarian government would like parliament to vote Nov. 15 on a three-month extension of the mission of 300 non-combat troops stationed in Iraq, the defense minister said Friday. 
 A lawmaker and detective who wanted to go to Iraq to try to liberate a Polish-born hostage agreed to abandon his plans after authorities warned he could sabotage official efforts win the woman's release, a government spokeswoman said Friday. 
 The Canadian economy continues to show signs of healthy growth, adding about 34,000 jobs in October. 
 Oil prices edged up Friday but remained well below recent highs, reflecting increased production in the Gulf of Mexico. Still, analysts said higher demand during the Northern Hemisphere's winter could soon result in an upward spike. 
 German leaders on Friday scrapped a proposal to create an extra working day by moving the holiday marking German reunification, bowing to a swell of criticism that the government had lost respect for the nation's history. 
 Prosecutors in Parma are wrapping up their inquiry into the massive fraud scandal at Parmalat and will soon seek indictments on several charges, including criminal association, against the dairy company's founder and others, a newspaper said Friday. 
 Shopkeepers in impoverished Myanmar are giving their customers candy and cigarettes _ not as enticement to return but as change because of a shortage of small bank notes. 
 European Union leaders on Friday reluctantly pledged to craft an EU-wide asylum and immigration policy by 2010. 
 French President Jacques Chirac said Friday he was concerned about the weaker U.S. dollar and hinted that the European Union should react to the situation. 
 The European Union and the United States recommitted themselves to a smooth trans-Atlantic relationship Friday and hoped the second term of U.S. President George W. Bush would no longer be marred by nasty political and trade disputes. 
 About 60 gray seals, most of them pups, have been slaughtered on a western Irish island, wildlife officials reported Friday. 
 Australia opens its title defense of the Champions Trophy Saturday, facing Olympic gold medalist Germany in the annual women's field hockey tournament featuring the world's top six teams. 
 G W D L F A Pts 
 Iraqi interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi urged European countries with troops in Iraq not to pull out, warning that doing so would "encourage terrorists" and damage reconstruction efforts. 
 A house that was supposed to be uninhabited collapsed in the eastern Czech Republic on Friday, killing a child and injuring the parents, an official said. 
 Guyana's parliament has decided that the Caribbean Court of Justice will be the nation's highest appellate court when it opens next year. 
 A driving instructor and his pupil who gave chase to a pair of jewel thieves were rewarded Friday for helping British police catch the crooks. 
 Manchester City manager Kevin Keegan was fined 8,500 pounds (US$15,700, euro12,160) on Friday by the Football Association for verbally abusing a referee. 
 Italian police seized 400 kilograms (880 pounds) of hashish and a stash of laundered money Friday in a garage during a crackdown on drug trafficking,police said. 
 President George W. Bush won the state of Iowa on Friday, claiming the last state in the U.S. election after absentee ballots were counted. 
 Verizon Wireless is buying wireless spectrum licenses covering 23 U.S. markets from bankrupt NextWave Telecom Inc. for $3 billion (euro2.33 billion), bolstering the cell phone company's ability to compete with the big new rival created by the merger of Cingular Wireless and AT&T Wireless. 
 The appointment of Italy's foreign minister to the European Commission has set the stage for a shuffle of Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's Cabinet, a move the premier hopes can soothe tensions in his government. 
 A brief look at this weekend's English Premier League games: 
 A rare sexually transmitted disease that may ease the spread of HIV has broken out in the Netherlands, the National Institute for Public Health said Friday. 
 Defense ministers and representatives from a dozen Southeastern European countries agreed Friday to improve military cooperation in the region. 
 The European Parliament's two largest political groups said Friday they would not be rushed by European Union leaders to approve the changes in the executive team of incoming European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso. 
 Georgia and South Ossetia agreed Friday to withdraw troops from the border zone to allow people to freely cross, in an effort to reduce simmering tensions in the breakaway region, the Interfax-Military News Agency reported. 
 South African defense officials said Friday they expected to grant an African Union request to send about 200 more troops to join the peace mission in the western Sudanese region of Darfur. 
 The U.S. dollar fell against other major currencies in European trading Friday. Gold prices rose. 
 Former President Nelson Mandela on Friday urged South Africans to participate in a national HIV/AIDS survey that will help determine the prevalence of the disease in the country. 
 The euro hit an all-time high against the U.S. dollar Friday, climbing on fears of rising oil prices and concern over the U.S. budget deficit. 
 Italy will assist Moldova in building closer ties with the European Union, the chairman of Italy's Chamber of Deputies said Friday. 
 Share prices on the London Stock Exchange closed higher Friday. 
 Former Costa Rican President Rafael Angel Calderon, ordered to spend nine months behind bars while officials investigate corruption allegations against him, was in the hospital Friday with heart problems, medical officials said. 
 The European Parliament's two largest political groups said Friday they would not be rushed by European Union leaders to approve the changes in the executive team of incoming European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso. 
 German leaders on Friday scrapped a proposal to create an extra working day by moving the national holiday marking German reunification, bowing to a swell of criticism that the government had lost respect for the nation's history. 
 Tommy Burns wants the Scotland coaching job fulltime. 
 Police arrested 25 people, including a former senator and a future senator, for illegally rigging bids for public construction projects, officials said Friday. 
 A man who lived more than five months with an artificial heart has died of multiple organ failure, the heart manufacturer said Friday. 
 The U.N atomic watchdog has discovered plutonium particles near an Egyptian nuclear facility and is trying to determine if they are evidence of a secret weapons program or simply the byproduct of peaceful research, diplomats said Friday. 
 Two golf course managers and a tournament organizer were sentenced to house arrest for hosting two competitions featuring prostitutes and strippers stationed along the putting greens. 
 Yasser Arafat remained in stable condition, unchanged from the previous day, a hospital official said Friday. A spokeswoman for the Palestinian leader said he was in a coma. 
 BEIIRUT, Lebanon _ Their Iraqi kidnappers accused them of spying for Israel, then collaborating with the Americans. A makeshift Islamic "court" voted against executing them and opted for demanding a ransom. But by the end of the 39-day ordeal, the kidnappers were genuinely concerned for their welfare, two Lebanese former hostages said Friday. 
 Serbia's government is "working intensively" to persuade more suspects sought by the U.N. war crimes court to surrender voluntarily to the international tribunal in the Netherlands, the prime minister said Friday. 
 Wall Street struggled to maintain its rally for a ninth straight session Friday, as enthusiasm over the latest government payroll report was tempered by the possibility of higher inflation, leaving stocks mixed. 
 Czechs began voting Friday for representatives for regional assemblies and for one-third of the 81 seats in the upper house of parliament. 
 NATO Secretary General Jaap de Hoop Scheffer said Friday that he hoped an upcoming NATO seminar in Azerbaijan would go ahead as planned, despite local concerns over the participation of its longtime enemy _ Armenia. 
 Almost two months into the NHL lockout, one-third of the players have drifted to Europe to play in hockey countries like Sweden and the Czech Republic. 
 Opposition presidential candidate Viktor Yushchenko won the support of the country's Socialist leader, his campaign manager said Friday _ an alliance that could prove crucial in a runoff election later this month. 
 President Gen. Pervez Musharraf and U.S. President George W. Bush promised to strengthen relations between their countries in a telephone conversation, a state-run news agency reported. 
 A former professional football player accused of firing shots into the Las Vegas compound of entertainers Siegfried & Roy may seek an insanity defense, his attorney said Friday. 
 At a solemn vigil outside the hospital treating Yasser Arafat, an unusual interfaith moment: An Orthodox Jewish rabbi from New York leaving flowers for the ailing Palestinian leader at the front gate. 
 European stocks ended higher Friday, after a surge in U.S. October job creation and retreating oil prices reassured investors on the outlook for global growth. 
 Eritrea wants the international guarantors of its peace deal with Ethiopia to press the neighboring country to accept an independent commission's redrawing of their shared border, a senior official said. 
 A military court convicted a Russian officer Friday in connection with the death of a Siberian high school student who died while running 10 kilometers (six miles) in a gas mask, Russian news agencies reported. 
 Political maneuvering began Friday in a bid to avert the resignation of the chief organizer of the 2006 Turin Winter Olympics. 
 Sun Microsystems Inc.'s first-quarter loss was reduced Friday as the server and software company finalized the accounting for its $92 million (euro71.56 million) patent settlement with Eastman Kodak Co. over the Java programming technology. 
 The resignation of the Brazilian defense minister following a scandal over dictatorship-era abuses highlights the continuing lack of civilian control over the military, experts said Friday. 
 Russia gave final approval to the Kyoto Protocol on global warming as President Vladimir Putin signed legislation ratifying the landmark environmental pact that seeks to slow global warming by reducing greenhouse-gas emissions, the Kremlin said Friday. 
 Midfielder David Pizarro was back in Chile's national soccer team as coach Juvenal Olmos on Friday completed the roster for the Nov. 17 World Cup qualifier against Peru in Lima. 
 A total of 107 Colombian police officers have been killed so far this year and another 340 wounded in the fight against crime and the country's illegal armed groups, police said Friday. 
 Two Poles suspected of placing a briefcase bomb that exploded in front of a Polish company's office have been arrested on extortion charges, police said Friday. 
 A favorite painting by one of Holland's most revealing artists remains a puzzle after 350 years. Is it a father admonishing an errant daughter, a client bargaining with a prostitute or a gallant army officer courting a respectable lady? 
 A moderate earthquake shook western Turkey on Friday, a seismology center said. There were no immediate reports of any damage or casualties. 
 A magnitude 5.0 earthquake early Saturday rocked a region of northern Japan still recovering from a powerful tremor last month that killed 39 people and injured thousands, a news report said. There were no immediate reports of injuries or damage. 
 Canadian brewer Molson Inc., concerned about having enough shareholder support to complete its merger with Adolph Coors Co., said Friday the companies have agreed to pay a special dividend of $316 million (euro245.8 million) to Molson's shareholders as part of a proposed deal that would combine the two well-known beer makers. 
 The beheadings in Iraq appear to have inspired militants in some parts of the world who are apparently attracted to the shock value of the horrifying attacks and the intense media publicity they have attracted. 
 A look at areas where militants have used beheadings as a terror tactic. 
 Criticized for a program that only provided some of its largest customers with warnings on security problems in its products, Microsoft Corp. now says it will give all computer users early word on such issues. 
 Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger staunchly defended Thierry Henry from "overboard" criticism on Friday, saying he was still the best striker in the world. 
 A judge's plan to automatically throw convicted drunk drivers into jail for a week before formally sentencing them is unconstitutional, Irish Justice Minister Michael McDowell said Friday. 
 Special prosecutors have opened an investigation into whether Poland's last communist-era leader Gen. Wojciech Jaruzelski and his government violated the constitution when they imposed martial law in 1981, an official said Friday. 
 Reggina's Brazilian captain Santos Mozart has been suspended for failing an anti-doping test, the Serie A club said Friday. 
 Iraq's interim leader Ayad Allawi was quoted as saying Friday that he doesn't understand what U.N. chief Kofi Annan meant in a letter warning that a new military campaign in Fallujah could jeopardize Iraq's election in January. 
 Jacques Santini quit as Tottenham manager on Friday for personal reasons after five months and 13 matches in charge. 
 A former National Football League player accused of firing shots into the compound of Siegfried & Roy may seek an insanity defense, his attorney said Friday. 
 Mexican and British officials discussed ways to bring stability to Iraq and signed a sentencing treaty Friday, Mexico's government said. 
 The U.S. Embassy in the Hague and a number of nearby buildings were being searched for an explosives Friday because of a bomb threat, police said. 
 The Rev. Al Sharpton and his wife, Kathy Jordan Sharpton, have announced their separation after 23 years of marriage. 
 Nine people have sued the manufacturer of a nasal spray, alleging that it caused them to permanently lose their sense of smell. 
 NHL MVP Martin St. Louis of Stanley Cup champion Tampa Bay signed with a Swiss club Lausanne on Friday, one day after teammate Vincent Lecavalier joined a Russian team. 
 Former big band leader Artie Shaw is among seven artists who have been named National Endowment for the Arts Jazz Masters. 
 The Securities and Exchange Commission will propose soon a plan to tighten governance at the nation's stock exchanges to ensure they are serving the public interest, SEC Chairman William Donaldson said Friday. 
 The Dutch government on Friday pledged tough measures against Islamic radicalism after a written threat was found on the murdered body of a celebrity filmmaker, prompting officials to say "Jihad" had reached the Netherlands. 
 Old times are not forgotten in the heart of Dixie. 
 The most centuries in test cricket: 
 Brazil's state-run oil company Petroleo Brasileiro plans to invest US$1.1 billion (euro860 million) in Venezuela from 2005 to 2009, a company representative said Friday. 
 Output by Brazil's auto industry dropped in October, halting five straight months of production increases, the national automakers association said Friday. 
 Salvadoran President Tony Saca said he spoke with George W. Bush by phone Friday and congratulated the U.S. president on his re-election. 
 A national voting rights group says it documented hundreds of voting irregularities affecting poor and minority voters in seven Southern states _ from long lines and faulty equipment to deliberate voter intimidation. 
 Syria has released a writer-researcher who was detained without charge for 33 days, his lawyer said Friday. 
 With Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in a coma, Secretary-General Kofi Annan on Friday expressed hope for a smooth transition and progress toward the goal of a Palestinian state living in peace with Israel. 
 Rival Palestinian groups, including Islamic militants, gathered in the Gaza Strip on Friday in a show of unity they hoped would prevent the volatile region from spiraling into chaos in the face of Yasser Arafat's increasingly dire condition. 
 Fifteen years after the Berlin Wall's collapse, the lovingly restored houses, squares and churches in this medieval town are monuments to what's gone wrong in Germany's massive effort to revive its once-communist east. 
 A 355-foot (108-meter) freighter slammed into an unmanned natural gas platform in the Gulf of Mexico early Friday and sparked a fire on the platform, the Coast Guard said. 
 Israel is determined to keep Yasser Arafat out of Jerusalem even in death, with one Cabinet minister saying Friday that the holy city is reserved for the burial of Jewish kings, "not Arab terrorists." 
 French, German and British diplomats held a new round of talks with Iranian officials Friday in a bid to persuade Tehran to stop developing technologies that could be used to make nuclear weapons. 
 Gold for current delivery closed at $433.60 per troy ounce Friday on the New York Mercantile Exchange, up from $430.10 late Thursday. 
 The stock market closed. 
 Georgia will "significantly" increase the number of troops serving in Iraq as part of U.S.-led operations there, President Mikhail Saakashvili said Friday. 
 Four Africans will ask for asylum in the South American country of Guyana, saying their boat broke down on the way to the Caribbean from the Cape Verde islands off West Africa, their lawyer said Friday. 
 Oil prices rebounded Friday but remained below $50 a barrel after declining 4 percent over the past week due to rising U.S. supplies of crude and natural gas. 
 A woman who fumbled a few phrases of Mexico's national anthem while singing the song before a soccer game in Guadalajara will have to answer for her actions, and could face a fine or even jail time. 
 An Israeli helicopter fired a missile Friday night at an empty house in the Rafah refugee camp, causing no casualties, the Israeli army and witnesses said. 
 Philadelphia goaltender Robert Esche apologized to NHL commissioner Gary Bettman for calling him a "madman," Flyers general manager Bob Clarke said. 
 U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan warned the United States, Iraq and Britain that an all-out assault on Fallujah could undermine national elections set for January and further alienate Iraqis, according to a letter obtained Friday. 
 Stocks are surging, businesses appear to be hiring again, and a pro-business administration is about to start a second term in the White House. What could Wall Street possibly be worried about? 
 Democrat John Edwards lost the election for the U.S. vice presidency this week and will lose his Senate seat in January. But he's hardly going away. He's positioned himself for a full-out presidential run in 2008, a campaign that in a way he's already begun. 
 The market may have been sighing in relief over the quick resolution of the presidential race, but investors should be careful about rushing into sectors they think might do well during the second Bush administration: All may not be as it seems. 
 Three Sikh students were expelled from school Friday for refusing to remove their turbans, the first time Sikhs were forced out under a new law banning conspicuous religious signs and apparel in the classroom, their lawyer said. 
 Caribbean leaders are starting a two-day summit in Trinidad on Monday where leaders will discuss whether to renew ties with Haiti and set up a single regional trade market. 
 A U.N. human rights panel said Friday it was asking the United States to address the human rights implications of the Patriot Act, as well as the legal status and treatment of detainees in Afghanistan, Guantanamo and Iraq. 
 Australian diplomatic missions in Asia and Africa considered to be vulnerable to bomb attacks are expected to be moved to safer locations following the Jakarta embassy bombing, a newspaper reported Saturday. 
 Sixth-seeded Marat Safin downed No. 2 Lleyton Hewitt 6-4, 7-6 (2) in a superb Paris Masters quarterfinal on Friday. 
 Relaxing at Camp David, President George W. Bush received congratulatory phone calls from German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder and other foreign leaders Friday even as Germany's defense minister renewed his government's vow not to send troops to Iraq. 
 Al-Qaida-linked followers of Jordanian militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi claimed responsibility for the suicide attack that killed three British soldiers south of Baghdad, according to a statement posted Friday on an Islamist Web site. 
 Former President Bill Clinton has a message for Democrats inconsolable after President George W. Bush's re-election: Buck up. It's not that bad. You need to improve your image. 
 The founder of Peru's Maoist Shining Path insurgency raised a defiant fist in court Friday as the government retried him on terrorism charges a decade after he was sentenced to life in prison by a secret military court. 
 Delta Air Lines Inc. released new details Friday on the up to 6,900 jobs it plans to eliminate starting Jan. 1. 
 Wall Street capped a stellar week by extending its rally for a ninth straight session, as a better-than-expected employment report boosted stocks and gave investors hope that the economy was strengthening. The week's gains were among the strongest of the year, with the Dow Jones industrials having their best week since early 2003. 
 A Canadian judge described Tommy Kane as "manipulative" and "narcissistic" as he sentenced the former NFL football player on Friday to 18 years in prison for stabbing his wife to death last year. 
 Serbia's leadership on Friday demanded substantial autonomy for Serbs in Kosovo following a massive Serb boycott of the province's general election last month. 
 A fisherman was cited for killing an alligator nicknamed Elvis who lived in a golf course community's pond. The man said he stabbed the reptile in self-defense. 
 Bruno Junqueira went for new springs and soft tires on Friday to clip a point off the championship lead of teammate Sebastien Bourdais by topping the first day of qualifying for Sunday's Champ Car series finale. 
 Directors of a children's rights organization announced Friday they would close the Casa Alianza office here after 11 years of operation and two months after its director was fired for paying for sexual favors from a 19-year-old Honduran youth. 
 Former champion Cristiano da Matta hopes to return to the Newman/Haas Champ Car team next year after two disappointing years in Formula One. 
 Displaced people who were kicked out of a camp in Sudan's war-torn Darfur region returned to find the site destroyed and its generators and water pump looted, the United Nations said Friday. 
 Buffeted by criticism, the Food and Drug Administration said Friday that it would appoint a director of drug safety and take other actions to assure the safety of medications it approves. 
 Buffeted by criticism, the Food and Drug Administration said Friday that it would appoint a director of drug safety and take other actions to assure the safety of medications it approves. 
 Immigrant parents have been flooding community leaders with calls and pulling their children out of a pre-school program for poor children this week after Arizona voters approved a ballot measure aimed at cracking down on illegal immigration, Hispanic officials said. 
 J. Cofer Black, the State Department official in charge of counterterrorism, is leaving government in the next few weeks. 
 Mexican stocks took a breather from their recent string of record-high closes and fell 0.6 percent Friday as investors took some profits. 
 A gunman killed his girlfriend and another man and wounded two other people in a hotel early Friday, at one point spraying the hallways with bullets in this Milwaukee suburb, police said. 
 If NASCAR driver Ryan Newman could find a way to shift his qualifying magic to the races he would be a solid contender for the Nextel Cup championship. 
 Tiger Woods matched his best score of the year with a 6-under 64 and Jay Haas finished strong in shooting a 66 for a two-shot lead over Stephen Ames in the Tour Championship on Friday. 
 Today is Saturday, Nov. 13, the 317th day of 2004. There are 48 days left in the year. 
 Former heavyweight champion Riddick Bowe will fight on Nov. 27 in Louisville, his second bout since ending an eight-year retirement from the ring. 
 Far from finding a communist paradise, four American soldiers suspected of deserting to North Korea in the 1960s were forced to live together in a tiny house under constant surveillance, to scrounge for food and to study the works of "Great Leader" Kim Il Sung for up to 16 hours a day. 
 Iraq's U.S.-backed leader has made an impassioned plea for European nations divided by the war to reunite to help stabilize and rebuild his country. 
 The Mafia has been the subject of countless films, books and even museums in Italy. Now it is also the subject of a university course. 
 Stephen Ames may live in Canada, but he's not a big fan of chilly weather. 
 Militants claiming to hold three U.N. hostages in Afghanistan said they have extended a deadline until late Saturday to decide the fate of the trio, who they have threatened to kill if the United Nations doesn't pull out of the country. 
 A man who donated his kidney to a dialysis patient he met through the Internet has accepted a television show's offer to take a lie detector test aimed at rebutting claims he was paid. 
 An arduous quest, the perfect photograph, and it happens in an instant. 
 A U.S. voting rights group said it has documented hundreds of voting irregularities affecting poor and minority voters in seven Southern states _ from long lines and faulty equipment to deliberate voter intimidation. 
 After losing back-to-back presidential elections, Democratic leaders are trying to figure out how to make the party more relevant to mainstream Americans and keep it from slipping into perpetual minority-party status. 
 The U.S. government will consider allowing illegal immigrants from Haiti to remain here if they aren't violent criminals, and if they come from parts of the island devastated by Tropical Storm Jeanne, officials said Friday. 
 Latin American leaders finished a two-day summit with a promise to help rid Haiti of political violence and grinding poverty, sending a top Brazilian diplomat to the country on a mission to fashion a rescue plan. 
 Billionaire Warren Buffett's investment holding company Berkshire Hathaway Inc., reported a 37 percent decline in third quarter income Friday, citing a $816 million after-tax loss from hurricanes in the United States and the Caribbean. 
 United Airlines' plan to impose an additional $725 million (euro564 million) in labor cuts and eliminate traditional pension plans was assailed as "disastrous" Friday by its flight attendants union, which pledged to fight the company "over every dime." 
 Residents on the Dutch Caribbean island of Saba voted overwhelming in a nonbinding referendum to break away from the Netherlands Antilles and become a territory administered directly by the Dutch government. 
 A new draft resolution circulated within the Security Council urges warring parties in southern Sudan and western Darfur province to reach peace agreements while promising international support and possible debt forgiveness if they do. 
 Alina Jidkova of Russia upset top-seeded Mary Pierce 6-4, 7-6 (8) and eliminated the last seed in the quarterfinals of the Bell Challenge on Friday. 
 The United Nations launched the upcoming International Year of Sport with two top athletes _ the world's No. 1-ranked tennis player Roger Federer who admitted being far more nervous than on a tennis court and New York marathon champion Margaret Okayo. 
 Oscar-winning actress Patty Duke Pearce was up and walking Friday, two days after cardiac surgery, officials said. 
 Uncertain of how long he'll be able to play after having a kidney transplant, former NBA All-Star Alonzo Mourning has asked the New Jersey Nets about a contract buyout so he could go to a team with a better chance of winning. 
 A month after a woman accused Kobe Bryant of rape, she told a friend she was considering suing the NBA star in civil court and wanted to buy breast augmentation surgery and a koala bear with any award money, according to court documents released on Friday. 
 1, James Toney. 2, Hasim Rahman. 3, Monte Barrett. 4, Owen Beck, Jamaica. 5, Kali Meehan, Australia. 6, Oleg Maskaev, Uzbekistan. 7, Danny Williams, Britain. 8, Faruq Saleem. 9, Corrie Sanders, South Africa. 10, Luan Krasniqi, Germany. 
 Philip Bennett, The Washington Post's assistant managing editor for foreign news, has been named the newspaper's new managing editor. 
 Police have nabbed a German national wanted for allegedly masterminding diamond heists in his homeland, the national news agency said Saturday. 
 The Texas Board of Education approved new health textbooks for the state's high school and middle school students after the publishers agreed to change the wording to depict marriage as the union of a man and a woman. 
 Strong sales for Impressionist and modern works were evident this week at New York's premier auction houses, with Paul Gauguin's "Maternite (II)" bringing in $39.2 million (euro30.5 million) and Claude Monet's "London, the Parliament, Effects of Sun in the Fog" $20.1 million (euro15.6 million). 
 South Korea's leader and U.S. President George W. Bush have agreed to seek an early resumption of stalled six-nation talks aimed at curbing communist North Korea's nuclear weapons programs, President Roh Moo-hyun's office said in a statement Saturday. 
 An Egyptian man who served as an imam at an Orange County mosque was arrested on immigration violations, federal officials said Friday. 
 The judge in the Michael Jackson case delayed ruling on a complex question involving search warrants, but reiterated he would start the pop singer's child molestation trial Jan. 31. 
 China has banned brain surgery meant to cure addiction over concern about possible harmful side-effects, a news report said Saturday. 
 China says it has signed an agreement with the United States to install a direct phone link between its foreign minister and the U.S. secretary of state. 
 The Chicago Symphony Orchestra and the union that represents its musicians have reached a tentative agreement on a new contract. 
 Venus Williams and Jennifer Capriati lost their shots at qualifying for the WTA Tour Championships with losses Friday in the Advanta tournament. 
 Jurors in Scott Peterson's murder trial deliberated for a third day before retiring to a hotel for the weekend. 
 Davy Arnaud scored two goals to lead Kansas City to a 2-0 victory Friday night over the Los Angeles Galaxy, putting the Wizards in Major League Soccer's championship game. 
 Homemade bombs exploded in two southwestern Pakistani towns, shattering windows, damaging walls at a judge's home and a factory but injuring no one, police said Saturday. 
 Having lapsed into a coma, Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat was clinging to life Saturday at a French military hospital as aides voiced increasing concern about the lack of improvement in his condition. 
 More than 37 tons of cocaine, with an estimated street value of $2.3 billion (euro1.79 billion), were confiscated during five seizures at sea this fall, the Coast Guard said. 
 After just four days on the job, Wally Backman was fired Friday as manager of the Arizona Diamondbacks following revelations that he had been arrested twice and had serious financial problems. 
 Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra vowed Saturday to purge Muslim-dominated southern Thailand of illegal war weapons daily being used in deadly attacks. Three Buddhists, including a young student, were killed in the latest outburst of violence, police said. 
 Baseball officials from Japan, South Korea and Major League Baseball have made significant progress in talks aimed at setting up a World Cup baseball tournament in 2006, a MLB official said Saturday. 
 Thai police have arrested a Belgian national suspected of stealing 18 million baht (US$440,400; euros 339,400) worth of jewelry from the company for which he worked, an official said Saturday. 
 U.S. warplanes pounded Fallujah in what residents called the strongest attacks in months, as more than 10,000 American soldiers and Marines massed for an expected assault on the guerrilla stronghold. Iraq's prime minister warned the "window is closing" to avert an offensive. 
 Suspected Islamic militants attacked a paramilitary camp early Saturday in Indian-controlled Kashmir, killing a soldier and injuring four others, police said. One of the militants was also killed. 
 In tropical Thailand, ice and sticks are most commonly found together in a tall glass holding a colorful cocktail. 
 A man who amassed explosives and made a list of public figures who were "marked to die" because of their liberal and antigun stances was convicted in federal court. 
 Pakistani coast guards arrested 44 Indian fishermen and seized their eight boats for alleged illegal entry and fishing in Pakistani waters in the Arabian Sea, an official said Saturday. 
 An avalanche has killed a Russian mountain climber in western Kyrgyzstan, officials said Saturday. 
 A loud blast echoed Saturday across the capital of Baghdad. 
 This year's American Music Awards will feature stars such as Usher, Alicia Keys, Gwen Stefani and Rod Stewart, but the most talked-about moment might come from the Beatles. 
 Actress Mira Sorvino has given birth to a baby girl. 
 Apart from U.S. President George W. Bush's reassurances of unwavering support for Palestinian statehood, there is little his administration is set to do in the short term to try to break the Middle East deadlock. 
 A competitor in a speedboat race died Saturday when his boat flipped in the water during the Bundy Thunder event, police said. 
 An Uzbek opposition party announced Saturday it would boycott next month's parliament vote, blasting the government for its failure to embrace democracy and calling on the international community to ignore the election entirely. 
 Thousands of Cambodian farmers and villagers waved their country's flag and portraits of their new king, who traveled to a rural school Saturday to urge his people to come together and rebuild a land battered by decades of poverty and war. 
 Sri Lankan allrounder Sanath Jayasuriya says his team is gradually shedding its image as a side that struggles to win away from home. 
 Annika Sorenstam moved into position for her record-tying fourth consecutive Mizuno Classic title Saturday, shooting a 6-under 66 to take a four-stroke lead into the final round. 
 Calling the accidental strafing of a school by a fighter jet "totally incomprehensible," Sen. Frank Lautenberg called on the Air National Guard to halt all training flights over New Jersey until an investigation is complete. 
 Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra vowed Saturday to purge Muslim-dominated southern Thailand of illegal war weapons being used daily in deadly attacks. Four Buddhists _ one a young student _ were killed in the latest outburst of violence, police said. 
 It will be mostly sunny and dry day across the northern third of Africa on Sunday. 
 President Gen. Pervez Musharraf left on a brief visit to neighboring Afghanistan on Saturday to congratulate Hamid Karzai on his victory in the war-ravaged country's landmark presidential elections, an official said. 
 Thousands of commuters were stranded Saturday as private bus operators and transport workers went on a daylong strike to protest alleged police harassment and a government plan to ban old vehicles from the capital, officials and residents said. 
 Two Palestinian militants tried to infiltrate a Jewish settlement early Saturday, engaging in a gunbattle with Israeli troops before they were killed in an Israeli airstrike, the army and Palestinian militants said. 
 Thousands of gay rights supporters marched through Taiwan's capital on Saturday, demanding respect for their lifestyle and the right to marry. 
 A month after a hotel worker accused NBA star Kobe Bryant of rape, she allegedly told a friend that she was considering suing him in civil court and planned to use any money she won for breast implants, a koala and opening a recording studio. 
 Johhny Warren, who captained Australia in its only soccer World Cup finals appearance in 1974, died Saturday at the age of 61 from cancer. 
 South Korea's leader and U.S. President George W. Bush have agreed to seek an early resumption of stalled six-nation talks aimed at curbing communist North Korea's nuclear weapons programs, President Roh Moo-hyun's office said in a statement Saturday. 
 The Philippine government said Saturday it was still awaiting confirmation of the reported release of a Filipino hostage by Iraqi militants in Baghdad. 
 Russia is ready to begin negotiations with Iraq on canceling a significant amount of its multibillion dollar debt, a senior Russian diplomat said Saturday. 
 Thailand's Thongchai Jaidee made eight birdies Saturday to take the lead heading into the final round of the inaugural Vietnam Masters and put him within reach of his third win this season. 
 In a first reaction to the re-election of the U.S. president, Iran called on George W. Bush to change his approach toward Iran in his second term so relations can improve between the longtime foes. 
 An Iraqi security official for the holy city of Najaf and four of his guards were slightly wounded when a roadside bomb exploded Saturday morning as they were traveling in a convoy, one of the guards said. 
 Russian officials on Saturday restarted a nuclear reactor that sparked widespread panic in southern Russia when it automatically shut down earlier this week. 
 Senior African Union officials will meet Saturday for emergency talks on the conflict that has reignited in Ivory Coast, threatening to undermine efforts to restore peace in neighboring countries, officials said. 
 World champion Shizuka Arakawa of Japan won her first NHK Trophy Saturday after a second-place finish in the free program. 
 Key events leading to the expected assault on Fallujah: 
 Three teenagers were killed Saturday and five youths were wounded when a hand grenade they were playing with exploded in northern Lebanon, security officials said. 
 Fallujah calls itself the "City of Mosques" for its many Muslim houses of worship. The city 65 kilometers (40 miles) west of Baghdad is also the center of the fiercest resistance to the U.S. presence in Iraq. 
 Georgia and the breakaway region of South Ossetia set a Nov. 20 deadline to withdraw troops and other armed groups from their border zone in an effort to reduce simmering tensions, the Russian Foreign Ministry announced Saturday. 
 A three-month standoff between Dutch labor unions and the government over cuts in social benefits was resolved Saturday after both sides agreed to concessions. 
 Israeli soldiers shot and killed a 14-year-old boy in this West Bank town on Saturday, although circumstances of the shooting were in dispute. 
 Suspected Islamic militants exploded a bomb and fought gunbattles with government forces Saturday, leaving at least 14 dead and overshadowing a visit by India's home minister to the Indian portion of Kashmir. 
 Russian President Vladimir Putin on Saturday signed a protocol extending the nation's cooperation agreement with the European Union to the 10 new EU members, the Kremlin said. 
 The first launch of a new Russian booster rocket was postponed again Saturday because of technical problems, Russian news agencies reported. 
 Pakistani President Gen. Pervez Musharraf on Saturday promised newly elected Afghan leader Hamid Karzai a common struggle against terrorism and more assistance in restoring Afghanistan's wrecked economy. 
 German mail and package delivery company Deutsche Post's supervisory board decided Saturday to extend the contract of CEO Klaus Zumwinkel by four years. 
 Lance Armstrong gave strong indication Saturday that he will not take part in the next Tour de France, saying in a newspaper interview that he'd like to concentrate on different races. 
 Italy's new choice for the European Commission's justice post said in remarks published Saturday that he will prod Rome on the pan-European arrest warrant reform, an anti-terrorism measure that Italian lawmakers have not yet approved. 
 Marcus Tanaka scored a second-half goal Saturday as Urawa Reds defeated Shimizu S-Pulse 2-1 to close in on the second-stage title of the J-League's first division. 
 Tottenham sporting director Frank Arnesen on Saturday denied reports that Jacques Santini quit as manager because of a dispute over how the club was being run. 
 Liberia remains on track for postwar elections next year despite a surprise flare of violence in the capital, a lead West African mediator for the nation said Saturday. 
 Two Polish helicopters came under machine gun fire Saturday during a reconnaissance flight in central Iraq, but were able to continue their mission and land safely at a coalition base, the Polish military said. 
 A spokesman of an influential group of Sunni Muslim clerics criticized on Saturday a decision to allow Iraqis abroad to vote in the January national election, arguing this would cast more doubts on the election's credibility. 
 A car bomb detonated near a U.S. convoy Saturday in western Baghdad, killing one Iraqi bystander and wounding three American soldiers, the U.S. military said. 
 Georgia and the breakaway region of South Ossetia set a Nov. 20 deadline to withdraw troops and other armed groups from their border zone in an effort to reduce simmering tensions, the Russian Foreign Ministry announced Saturday. 
 Four Muslim teenagers were expelled from high schools in eastern France under a new law that bans the wearing of Islamic head scarves and other obvious religious symbols in classrooms, school officials said Saturday. 
 Prominent Saudi religious scholars have called on Iraqis to support militants waging holy war against the U.S.-led coalition forces, saying fighting the occupation was a duty and a right. 
 The president of the Asian Development Bank on Saturday pledged continued support to Kyrgyzstan in reducing poverty and strengthening regional cooperation. 
 The commander of a British regiment that lost three soldiers in a suicide attack near Baghdad had expressed security concerns before his unit was redeployed to aid U.S. forces, a newspaper reported Saturday. 
 The retrial against the founder of Peru's Maoist Shining Path insurgency was suspended for a week after the defendent and his supporters began chanting revolutionary slogans before cameras in the courtroom. 
 Bangladesh's envoy to Kuwait has made a videotape appealing for the release of a Bangladeshi truck driver, who was abducted in Iraq by suspected militants last month, a news report said Saturday. 
 A gas explosion tore through a two-story apartment building in the Azerbaijan capital early Saturday, trapping residents under the debris, emergency officials said. At least four people were killed. 
 Riot police on Saturday fired tear gas to disperse about 300 left-wing students who threw fire bombs and threw stones at police during a protest to denounce state control over universities. 
 Gunmen on Saturday opened fire at two police pickup trucks carrying prisoners in an area northeast of Baghdad, killing one policeman and injuring four, police said. 
 Aided by a major U.S. crackdown on Internet child-porn, Italian paramilitary police raided dozens of homes across Italy before dawn Saturday, seizing personal computers, videocassettes, CD-ROMs and DVDs with pedophiliac images. 
 The United States will help train 4,000 Georgian troops in anti-terror operations, Georgian Defense Minister Georgy Baramidze said Saturday, adding the aid came in response to Georgia's decision to increase its troop size in Iraq. 
 Officials on Saturday called off a search for the bodies of four people missing and presumed dead following a boating accident on the Danube River. 
 Tens of thousands of supporters of Ukrainian presidential candidate Viktor Yushchenko filled Kiev's main square on Saturday as part of protests planned nationwide against alleged election fraud. 
 A lava formation inside Mount St. Helens' crater has a new, glowing protrusion the size of a 30-story building. 
 Insurgents set off at least two car bombs and attacked a police station Saturday in a bloody assault on the central Iraqi town of Samarra, killing at least 29 people and injuring another 40 people, according to police and U.S. military officials. 
 Gunmen on Saturday killed a former official of Saddam Hussein's intelligence service, police said. 
 Hungarian border guards detained an 80-year-old German man after finding child pornography on his computer, officials said Saturday. 
 The United States should again be a leader in arms control and disarmament and ratify a global test ban treaty to encourage other nuclear powers to do so, the former head of the U.N. weapons inspection team said Saturday. 
 Police have arrested two supporters of a communist rebel group in southern India, after seizing millions of rupees from their car, an officer said Saturday. 
 Multiple explosions rumbled across the capital of Baghdad Saturday after night fell. 
 A strike by some 700 workers from the state-run Guyana Power and Light Company has ended after management and the workers' union agreed to resume negotiations over a pay raise. 
 Bayern Munich officials lashed out at Juergen Klinsmann Saturday, blaming the controversial Germany coach for the latest high-profile blunder by goalkeeper Oliver Kahn. 
 Venezuela's largest telecommunications company, Cantv, announced it will buy a local affiliate of Telecom Italia Mobile for US$450 million (euro350 million). 
 Russian Finance Minister Alexei Kudrin said a surplus in a government emergency fund should be used to pay off the country's foreign debt rather than boost government spending, warning that the high oil prices _ and profits _ which created the reserve won't last forever, a newspaper reported Saturday. 
 Apart from President George W. Bush's reassurances of unwavering support for Palestinian statehood, there is little his administration is set to do in the short term to try to break the Middle East deadlock. 
 Iraqi militants have released a Sudanese man who was kidnapped last month while working as an interpreter for a U.S. contractor, Sudan's Foreign Ministry said Saturday. 
 A Sudanese Cabinet minister slammed the latest U.N. report on Darfur, accusing the world body Saturday of overlooking violence committed by African rebels while pouncing on trivial matters that make the government from the Arab-dominated north look bad. 
 Explosive batsman Dwayne Smith was a surprise omission as West Indies cricket officials named a 25-man squad Saturday to prepare for next year's triangular one-day series in Australia. 
 The Royal Dutch/Shell Group of Cos. is divesting 111 retail service stations, 30 distribution depots and its liquefied petroleum gas business in the Caribbean to the Sol Group, the Dutch company said in a statement. 
 Sixth-seeded Marat Safin of Russia reached his fourth Paris Masters final Saturday after defeating No.13 Guillermo Canas of Argentina 6-2, 7-6 (5). 
 Communist Cuba struck back at the United States on Saturday, calling it the world's worst human rights offender two days after the U.S. State Department criticized the island nation for continuing to imprison scores of dissidents rounded up more than 1 1/2 years ago. 
 U.S. President George W. Bush's conservative coattails, geography and campaigns crafted to take advantage of both helped Republicans to a four-seat gain in Senate elections this year. 
 At least 4,500 people demonstrated Saturday at a radioactive waste way station in northern Germany, the latest in regular protests over concerns that the nuclear material is unsafe. 
 Tens of thousands of hunters and their hounds raced through the countryside on horseback Saturday, opening a fox-hunting season that could be one of Britain's last. 
 A Russian soldier carrying an explosive substance and an electric detonator was detained at a Moscow subway station, Russia's NTV television reported Saturday. 
 The White House's director of postwar policy for Iraq, who was instrumental in helping to set up an interim government to lead that country until elections can be held, is stepping down. 
 Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez urged President George Bush Saturday to focus more on Latin America and improve relations with Venezuela during the U.S. president's second term. 
 Saudi religious scholars urged Iraqis to support militants waging holy war against the U.S.-led coalition forces in a call posted on the Internet Saturday as American troops prepared for a major assault on the insurgent hotbed of Fallujah. 
 President George W. Bush is holding fast to his rejection of mandatory curbs on greenhouse gases that are blamed for global warming, despite a fresh report from 300 scientists in the United States and seven other nations that shows Arctic temperatures are rising. 
 An upbeat President George W. Bush set forth an aggressive agenda for the next four years, but he also must deal with the realities his predecessors faced _ second terms tend to be disappointments, often marred by scandals, infighting and lackluster performances. 
 Twenty American soldiers were wounded Saturday when they were were rammed by a suicide car bomber driving an Iraqi police vehicle in the insurgent stronghold of Ramadi west of Baghdad, the U.S. military said. 
 Former U.S. envoys say that the passing of Yasser Arafat would open up new opportunities for Mideast peace, especially if new, pragmatic Palestinian leaders emerge. 
 When Paula Radcliffe dropped out of the Olympic marathon 5 1/2 kilometers from the finish, she sobbed uncontrollably. 
 The leader of Hungary's main opposition party on Saturday rejected a request from British Prime Minister Tony Blair seeking support for extending Hungarian troops' deployment in Iraq. 
 What should be a joyful and hopeful time for Jimmie Johnson has instead been bittersweet. 
 Gay and lesbian advocates have been doing some soul-searching since President Bush's election victory, wondering if same-sex wedding marches through San Francisco and Massachusetts tipped the scales to Republicans promising to restore traditional values. 
 Like many presidential candidates before him, John Kerry must now decide what to do with the rest of his political life. 
 The United States is emerging from the 2004 presidential election with two very different portraits of itself sketched by two very different halves of its population. 
 Lawmakers narrowly endorsed a reform blueprint drafted by pro-Syrian Prime Minister Omar Karami, calling for fairer election laws and preserving Beirut's close ties with neighboring Syria. 
 The opposition presidential candidate who voiced support for gay rights said Saturday that he was opposed to gay marriage. 
 A longtime pastor charged with embezzling $500,000 (euro389,000) in parish funds allegedly spent the money on vacations, cars and gifts to friends, including a church worker who was given a BMW and whose mortgage, taxes and utilities were paid. 
 Leading season scorers in the Bundesliga after Saturday's 12th round matches: 
 Roy Makaay ended a seven-game scoring drought Saturday with a goal and two assists, lifting Bayern Munich past Hannover 96 3-0 and moving it within a point of Bundesliga leader Wolfsburg. 
 A Syrian writer-researcher released from jail after 33 days without charge appealed to authorities Saturday to ensure his safety following threats by Islamists. 
 Leading scorers in Italy's Serie A following Saturday's Round 10 matches (penalties in parentheses): 
 Capsules of Premier League games played Saturday: 
 A man stabbed a woman to death Saturday on a public bus in suburban Vienna, a news agency reported. 
 The opposition Civic Democratic Party won a landslide victory in the Czech Republic's regional elections on Saturday, handing the Social Democrats' ruling coalition its second consecutive electoral defeat. 
 The U.S. Embassy in Athens warned Americans in Greece on Saturday to exercise caution and heighten their level of security following Washington's formal recognition last week of Macedonia under that name. 
 Sixth-seeded Marat Safin of Russia overcame a twisted ankle Saturday to reach the final at the Paris Masters for the fourth time in six years and will meet qualifier Radek Stepanek of the Czech Republic for the championship. 
 A shootout at a nightclub in a central eastern state left a soccer player dead and five others injured early Saturday morning, police said. 
 Tri Nations champion South Africa edged Wales 38-36, Australia outplayed Scotland 31-14 and Italy overwhelmed Canada 51-6 on Saturday as the European series of rugby union internationals began with a feast of tries. 
 A judge ordered a curfew in a small Amazon town Saturday after residents tried to lynch a man who confessed to killing two young girls. 
 Deniz Baykara and Stelian Carabas scored a goal each Saturday to lead host Xanthi over Halkidona 2-0 and into second place in the Greek first division. 
 A U.S. Army supply unit whose members refused a dangerous fuel delivery mission last month has now fitted its vehicles with armor to protect against insurgent attack, the U.S. military said Saturday. 
 When Nextel Cup leader Kurt Busch was hit by engine failure at Atlanta Motor Speedway and finished 42nd last Sunday, the mishap tightened NASCAR's new 10-race championship format. 
 An apparent mob of vandals attacked the North Carolina Republican Party headquarters, causing minor smoke damage, breaking windows and leaving vulgar messages, police said. 
 With Prince William and Prince Harry taking on the mundane roles of ushers, you could believe it was the society wedding of the year in Britain. 
 Wildlife researchers leading a flock of young whooping cranes south for the winter are warning people to stay out of their way after an apparently curious ultralight pilot disturbed the endangered birds. 
 President George W. Bush's first postelection meeting with a foreign leader comes this week when Prime Minister Tony Blair of Britain, a staunch ally on Iraq, is due for two days of discussions at the White House. 
 Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez urged President George Bush Saturday to focus more on Latin America and improve relations with Venezuela during the U.S. president's second term. 
 Maria Sharapova of Russia withdrew from her semifinal at the Advanta Championships on Saturday with a strained right shoulder. 
 A nurse has asked a judge to order a man to take an HIV test because she was accidentally stuck with a needle she used to give him insulin. 
 The state's medical quality board has accused a physician of giving outdated flu vaccine to 55 patients. 
 A former nurse who admitted killing 17 patients at hospitals in two states must attend a sentencing hearing where he will face the families of six of his alleged victims, a judge ruled. 
 Two mining giants in southwestern Suriname said Saturday they will complete a bauxite factory expansion six months ahead of schedule to take advantage of rising world prices of alumina. 
 Six Palestinians, including a 14-year-old boy, were killed and three Israelis were wounded Saturday in West Bank and Gaza Strip violence, the army and Palestinian sources said. 
 Illinois' Supreme Court has allowed a woman who served a prison term in Florida for the death of her child to regain custody of a 3-year-old boy born after she moved to Illinois. 
 A U.S. Army helicopter received rocket-propelled ground fire Saturday but returned safely to base and suffered no casualties, the U.S. military said. 
 The designers of the first privately manned rocket to burst into space were handed a $10 million (euro7.75 million) check Saturday, a prize designed to encourage technology that will open the heavens to tourists. 
 Iran and European countries have not agreed on a compromise over Tehran's nuclear enrichment ambitions, but progress has been made during "difficult talks" between both sides, Iran's top nuclear negotiator said Saturday. 
 Lyon profited from an own goal by goalkeeper Charles Itandje to beat Lens 1-0 on Saturday and remain unbeaten atop the French first division. 
 Two young sisters drowned Saturday when the utility vehicle they were traveling in was swept from a causeway into a flooded creek in eastern Australia, police said. 
 Leading scorers in Italy's Serie A following Saturday's Round 10 matches (penalties in parentheses): 
 Rapper Eminem made his voice heard for the first time at the ballot box. 
 Kevin Spacey has been channeling an old hero _ Bobby Darin. 
 Jessica Simpson has been sued by a California cosmetics company that claims it is still owed nearly $200,000 (euro155,570) for products it supplied for the "Dessert" beauty line the singer endorses. 
 The division of Harvard Medical School that studies pathological gambling is under fire from some antigambling activists who point out that virtually all its funding comes from the gambling industry. 
 Eleusis made a successful U.S. debut by beating Literacy by 2 1/4 lengths in Aqueduct's Saturday feature, the Grade II, $150,000 Long Island Handicap for fillies and mares 3 and older. 
 A veteran of the first Persian Gulf War is suing the Army after it ordered him to report for duty 13 years after he was honorably discharged from active duty and eight years after he left the reserves. 
 The U.N. Security Council on Saturday demanded an immediate halt to all military action in Ivory Coast and confirmed that U.N. peacekeepers and French forces are authorized to use "all necessary means" to carry out their mandate. 
 Sebastian Bourdais set a Mexican Grand Prix course record to take the pole position from teammate Bruno Junqueira in Saturday's qualifying and edge closer to the Champ Car championship in the season finale. 
 A 25-year-old university worker from Georgia shot and killed himself at the site of the Sept. 11 World Trade Center attacks on Saturday morning, authorities said. 
 Actor Gary Busey walked into court and handed over a check for $30,000 (euro23,335) to settle a lawsuit accusing him of falling behind on the rent for his Malibu house, court officials said. 
 A man accused by the United States of being a member of the Taliban and fighting against U.S. forces appeared before a U.S. military review panel at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, an official said Saturday. 
 Police said Saturday they would contact family members of four Africans who plan ask for asylum in the South American country of Guyana to verify their story that their boat broke down on the way to the Caribbean from the Cape Verde islands off West Africa. 
 Mario Veit of Germany defended his interim WBO super middleweight title Saturday by stopping Charles Brewer of the United States in the ninth round. 
 The U.N. Security Council on Saturday demanded an immediate halt to all military action in Ivory Coast and confirmed that U.N. peacekeepers and French forces are authorized to use "all necessary means" to carry out their jobs. 
 Today is Sunday, November 14, the 318th day of 2004. There are 47 days left in the year. 
 Mexico is holding out hope that Latin America will get more attention during U.S. President George W. Bush's second term and obtain changes in what officials here regard as "absurd" U.S. immigration policies. 
 EDITOR'S NOTE _ President Bush has outlined an ambitious agenda for his second term, from bringing stability to Iraq to simplifying the tax code at home. This is the first of several stories examining his proposals, domestic and foreign. 
 For some Middlebury College students, the hardest part about studying abroad wasn't adjusting to life in a foreign country. 
 A wide-eyed boy in a cozy blue robe and proper yellow pajamas has his hope and faith tested in the book "The Polar Express." 
 Militants threatening to kill three U.N. hostages say that talks with Afghan and U.N. officials were postponed for another day. 
 School officials in this city have revised the science curriculum to allow the teaching of creationism, prompting an outcry from more than 300 educators who urged that the decision be reversed. 
 Mexico City Mayor Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, a leading potential presidential candidate for 2006, on Saturday called for ambitious public works projects to re-ignite the Mexican economy, citing the government's responsibility to temper social inequalities. 
 Tiger Woods put together his best consecutive rounds in more than four years. The result was a share of the 54-hole lead, a place it seems he hasn't been in forever. 
 Authorities have discovered a cache of assault rifles, grenades and machine guns hidden underground at a rural estate on the southern Caribbean coast, national police said Saturday. 
 French troops destroyed Ivory Coast's air force _ five helicopters and two planes _ in response to a bombing raid by the West African country that killed nine French peacekeepers, the Defense Ministry said Sunday. 
 Abigail Spears of the United States and Martina Sucha of Slovakia will play for the US$170,000 (euro132,234) Bell Challenge title on Sunday. 
 Top-seeded Amelie Mauresmo of France advanced to the Advanta Championships final after reigning Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova of Russia withdrew from their semifinal match with a strained right shoulder. 
 A five-page letter pinned to the body of a Dutch filmmaker brutally murdered after making a movie critical of Islam called for Muslims to rise up against the "infidel enemies" in the West. 
 Denver Nuggets forward Nene missed his second straight game because of a strained left hamstring, and the team isn't sure when he will be back. 
 European diplomats have made "considerable progress" toward a provisional accord on Iran's nuclear program, the French foreign ministry said. 
 French troops clashed with soldiers and angry mobs after Ivory Coast warplanes killed at least nine French peacekeepers and an American civilian in an airstrike _ mayhem that threatened to draw foreign troops deeper into the West African country's escalating civil war. 
 Flying low over the Sonoran Desert, Border Patrol agents spotted a skeleton sprawled in the brush. 
 Elvis Presley was once fired as an usher at a Loews movie theater for punching out another usher, the story goes. By the time he returned years later, his face graced the silver screen. 
 An Air Force officer who was shot down and killed in the Vietnam War has been buried, more than 38 years after his death. 
 Facing a major assault in Fallujah, insurgents struck back with suicide car bombs, mortars and rockets across a wide swath of central Iraq, killing over 30 people and wounding more than 60 others, including nearly two dozen Americans. 
 The failing health of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is an opportunity for President George W. Bush to help broker a peace accord in the Middle East, Arizona Sen. John McCain said. 
 James Belushi has sued his next-door neighbor, actress Julie Newmar, accusing her of a "campaign of harassment" to drive him from his home. 
 An armed group fired on a police station in Haiti's third largest city, prompting officers to flee while an unknown number of prisoners escaped and more than 100 people started a flurry of looting, officials said. 
 Seeking calm and unity, Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia asked militant factions to refrain from attacks inside Israel, an Israeli newspaper reported Sunday, as the Palestinians awaited word on their critically ill leader, Yasser Arafat. 
 An outbreak of E. coli infections linked to a fair may be larger than previously thought, with more than 100 additional cases under review, health officials said Saturday. 
 There will be no chicken this winter for lions and tigers and bears in the Guangzhou Zoo. 
 Two-time welterweight champion Jimmy McLarnin died Oct. 28. He was 96. 
 A senior aide to Yasser Arafat said early Sunday the ailing Palestinian leader was not comatose but still in intensive care, adding to the confusion about his fragile health. 
 IBF junior welterweight champion Kostya Tszyu retained his title Saturday, demolishing Sharmba Mitchell in less than three rounds of the long-awaited rematch between the former titleholders. 
 Gerald Wallace slid face-first off the court after a hard foul, popped back up and looked at the scoreboard. He wasn't seeing things _ the Charlotte Bobcats really were on their way to the first win in franchise history. 
 Insurgents launched deadly attacks Sunday against police stations in western Anbar province for the second day in a row, killing at least 7 people, police said. 
 An Israeli soldier was shot and killed, apparently by Israeli troops, during a West Bank operation in which a Palestinian militant was also killed, the army spokesman said Sunday. 
 Annika Sorenstam matched Laura Davies' LPGA Tour record for consecutive victories in a tournament Sunday, closing with a 7-under 65 for her fourth straight Mizuno Classic title. 
 Suspected Muslim insurgents gunned down a Buddhist shop owner Sunday in continuing violence in southern Thailand, as Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra flew to the Muslim-majority region to attend a Buddhist religious ceremony. 
 Malaysian Prime Minister Abdullah Ahmad Badawi on Sunday urged Palestinians not to become divided because of Yasser Arafat's failing health. 
 When Brad Wilkerson was drafted by the Montreal Expos in 1998, he had no idea that he might end up as a footnote in baseball history one day. 
 Australian Craig Walton overcame a lingering illness to win his fourth Noosa Triathlon title Sunday while his partner, world champion Emma Snowsill, took the women's competition for the second consecutive year. 
 A cold front will bring thunderstorms from north-central to northeastern Libya and Tunisia on Monday. 
 Israel's foreign minister on Sunday urged the Palestinian leadership to take measures to prevent any violence amid fears of Yasser Arafat's failing health, asking for a "move towards peace and understanding with Israel." 
 Insurgents launched deadly attacks Sunday against police stations in western Anbar province for the second day in a row, killing at least 22 people, police and hospital officials said. 
 American national champion Johnny Weir notched up a succession of firsts Sunday on his way to winning the NHK Trophy. 
 A tour bus carrying tourists mostly from Germany on Sunday swerved off the road and flipped over in southern Turkey, killing one German tourist and injuring 14 other Germans, the Anatolia news agency said. One Italian tourist was also injured. 
 U.S. Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage arrived in Baghdad for a brief visit, the U.S. Embassy confirmed Sunday 
 Re-shaping their bodies with tape _ and in some cases, surgery _ the Miss International Queen contestants looked more feminine than many women could ever dream of, even though they were all born boys. 
 The head of Ivory Coast's parliament on Sunday accused France of teaming up with rebels in the nation's escalating civil war and demanded that French soldiers leave Ivorian territory. 
 Defense Minister Shaul Mofaz told the Israeli Cabinet on Sunday that security officials have completed preparations for Yasser Arafat to be buried in the Gaza Strip, meeting participants said. 
 Three Diyala provincial officials were shot down Sunday by unknown assailants as they were on their way to a funeral for a fourth colleague killed earlier in the week, Iraqi officials said. 
 England claimed a crushing five-wicket victory over Sri Lanka on Sunday to win the Hong Kong International Cricket Sixes tournament for the second successive year. 
 An Israeli soldier was shot and killed, apparently by Israeli troops, during a West Bank operation in which a Palestinian was also killed, the army and Palestinian residents said Sunday. 
 Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Sunday hailed a European Union proposal to forge a strategic partnership with India, ahead of a summit meeting with European leaders in the Netherlands. 
 Angelo Que of the Philippines shot a 2-under-par 70 on Sunday to win the inaugural Vietnam Masters by two strokes. 
 A top Chechen security official said Sunday that rebel leader Aslan Maskhadov is ready to give up his separatist fight and is trying to make contact with a regional governor to discuss his surrender, the Interfax news agency reported. 
 President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo urged Muslim leaders on Sunday to help secure the freedom of two Filipinos kidnapped by suspected militants in Afghanistan and Iraq, saying the captives were not involved in the conflicts in the two countries. 
 The bodies of four Iraqis who worked for the U.S. forces in Iraq were discovered Sunday on a highway in northern Iraq, police said. 
 With preparations under way for U.S. Marines to storm Fallujah, a stronghold of foreign and Iraqi insurgents, Syria pledged Sunday it will do all it can to stop infiltration through its border with Iraq. 
 Amid renewed violence in Ivory Coast, Pope John Paul II on Sunday called for dialogue and peace in the former French colony. 
 Deputy Prime Minister Tony Tan will visit Switzerland for three days starting Monday to study its research and development sector as part of Singapore's efforts to review its own strategies in the area, the government said Sunday. 
 An American killed in an Ivory Coast government airstrike had been a consultant working with an aid group in the West African country, a U.S. official said Sunday. 
 The Iraqi government Sunday declared a state of emergency for 60 days throughout the country except for Kurdish-run areas of the north as U.S. and Iraqi forces prepare for an expected all-out assault on rebels in Fallujah. 
 A Russian who heads a club aimed at promoting Russian-Ukrainian ties was attacked in Kiev in what police described as an assassination attempt, news reports said Sunday. 
 Frederick Cherono led a Kenyan clean sweep at the 22nd Athens Classic Marathon Sunday. 
 Two U.S. convoys came under attack Sunday in and near Baghdad, leaving one U.S. soldier dead and another injured, the U.S. military said. 
 Bosnia's top international official on Sunday revoked the license of a bank, saying its main shareholder diverted public funds into private pockets and is suspected of passing money to Bosnia's most wanted war-crimes suspect, Radovan Karadzic. 
 Former Malaysian Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad on Sunday lamented the re-election of U.S. President George W. Bush, saying Muslims would be persecuted by such a "heartless" leader for the next four years. 
 A French military helicopter swept in to pluck trapped civilians from a hotel in Abidjan on Sunday as mobs burned and looted buildings across Ivory Coast's largest city. 
 More than 2,500 people gathered under a statue of Alexander the Great in the northern Greek port city of Thessaloniki Sunday to protest against the U.S. government's decision last week to formally recognize Macedonia under that name, despite Greek objections. 
 Seven men from an outlawed Islamic militant group have been arrested in a city in northern Bangladesh, police said on Sunday. 
 Ukraine's Communist party leader on Sunday urged his supporters not to back any presidential candidate in a runoff election later this month, as about 1,000 activists rallied in the Ukrainian capital to mark the 87th anniversary of the Bolshevik Revolution. 
 The European Union condemned the attack on French peacekeepers in the Ivory Coast and called Sunday on Ivory Coast's President Laurent Gbagbo to "stop all military operations." 
 A second sweeping election defeat this year for the Czech Republic's governing Social Democrats shows most people feel the government is leading the country in the wrong direction, President Vaclav Klaus said on Sunday. 
 The African Union said Sunday it will send South African President Thabo Mbeki to press Ivory Coast to find a political solution to end renewed fighting with rebels in the west and north. 
 Twelve Iraqi National Guards were abducted and executed by militants dressed as policemen while traveling home to Najaf, an official with a leading Shiite party said Sunday. 
 Veteran Kazuyoshi Miura scored in the first half and Ryuji Bando added a goal after the break Sunday as Vissel Kobe defeated Kashima Antlers 2-1 in the J-League's first division. 
 A car bomb exploded Sunday near the home of Iraq's finance minister, killing one of his guards, officials said. The minister, Adil Abdel-Mahdi, was safe, a political associate said. 
 U.S. Ambassador Daniel Coats sought to allay fears that U.S. President George W. Bush's election might signal a new effort to obtain military support from Germany in Iraq, saying in remarks released Sunday that the administration knows the country is against sending troops. 
 Romania's coach Anghel Iordanescu has offered Adrian Mutu a job as assistant coach of the national team while the former Chelsea striker serves a seven-month ban for taking an illegal drug. 
 Residents living in the border zone between Georgia and breakaway South Ossetia freed about 40 hostages Sunday, police said. 
 The Japanese may have won the pre-game home-run derby Sunday at Tokyo Dome, but once the game started it was the Major League All-Stars who were teeing off. 
 A man who shot himself at the World Trade Center site was apparently distraught over President George W. Bush's re-election, a newspaper reported Sunday. 
 The brother of top Bosnian Serb war crimes suspect Radovan Karadzic has begun serving a 40-day prison term for firing a gun in the air at a celebration, an official said Sunday. 
 The U.S. government on Sunday warned Americans to avoid traveling to Ivory Coast because of widespread violence in the West African nation. 
 Some 4,000 people gathered Sunday in a central square of the Moldovan capital to commemorate the 1917 Russian Revolution, in a ceremony which recalled the old Soviet traditions. 
 Two teenagers were killed Sunday when a hand grenade that they were trying to smash with a stone exploded in central Turkey, the Anatolia news agency said. 
 Iraq's government television station has broadcast confessions of what it said were Arab and foreign terrorists who infiltrated across the country's porous borders to fight against U.S.-led coalition forces. 
 A fence that India is building along its disputed Kashmir frontier with Pakistan has already prevented many suspected Islamic rebels from crossing into its portion of the Himalayan region, an Indian Cabinet minister said Sunday. 
 As U.S. forces prepared for what is expected to be the biggest Marine-led urban assault since Vietnam, U.S. commanders pumped up troop spirits Sunday, saying they were no different from the storied heroes of Iwo Jima and Korea. 
 America must begin constructive dialogue with Syria to improve strained relations between both countries, a state-run newspaper said Sunday, adding that recently re-elected U.S. president, George W. Bush, has the chance to reassess his nation's perceived pro-Israeli policies in the Middle East. 
 A series of killings and gang shootouts in Naples have Italian officials worried that the southern city is turning into the "Wild West" of Italy, with many calling for tougher measures to curb the violence. 
 A car bomb exploded Sunday in western Baghdad, killing one U.S. soldier and wounding four others, the U.S. military said. 
 Annika Sorenstam matched the LPGA Tour record for consecutive victories in a tournament Sunday, winning the Mizuno Classic for the fourth straight season to lock up her seventh player of the year title. 
 Sepp Blatter, the chief of soccer's world governing body, FIFA, has backed Manchester United fans in their opposition to attempts by American businessman Malcolm Glazer to take over the club. 
 Gunmen raided a family picnic and kidnapped the mother of Santos striker Robinho, a highly sought after player by European clubs, police said Sunday. 
 The country's foreign minister on Sunday accused Serbia's government of protecting suspects wanted by the U.N. war crimes court. 
 Iraq's interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi is dispatching envoys to neighboring Arab states to win support for his handling of the situation in his homeland, torn by a 17-month insurgency, a government spokesman said Sunday. 
 A militant group said in a Web posting Sunday that it abducted and killed two Iraqi translators working with the American Marines in Ramadi. 
 Bayern Munich and Juergen Klinsmann will meet this month after the club blamed the Germany coach for goalkeeper Oliver Kahn's poor play. 
 Bulldozers shove sand into a 4-meter-high barrier along Syria's remote border with Iraq, where authorities say round-the-clock patrols and new observation posts are stopping foreign fighters flowing into Iraq. 
 U.S. military planners and intelligence analysts believe Iraqi insurgent leaders holed up in Fallujah will defend the city by combining scrappy fighting with a media blitz designed to provoke a worldwide outcry. 
 Israeli undercover forces shot and killed four Palestinians on Sunday in the West Bank town of Jenin, Palestinians said. 
 Michael Kreissl, a former official of Austria's rightist Freedom Party who was implicated in a scandal involving allegations of domestic spying, died Sunday. He was 46. 
 Carrying the Soviet hammer-and-sickle flag and singing as they marched, Russians marked the anniversary of the 1917 Bolshevik Revolution Sunday in both a celebration of Soviet times and a protest against a parliamentary proposal to scrap a once-revered Soviet holiday. 
 The new American ambassador to Pakistan, Ryan Crocker, arrived on Sunday to take up his post as envoy to one of Washington's top allies in the war on terror, the U.S. Embassy said. 
 Macedonia's president on Sunday thanked U.S. President George W. Bush for recognizing the Balkan country under that name despite strong objections from neighboring Greece. 
 Palestinian leaders are to fly to Paris to consult with doctors about Yasser Arafat's condition, a senior official said Sunday. 
 Three homemade bombs exploded in two southwestern Pakistani towns Sunday, shattering windows and damaging a wall at a government office, police said. No one was reported injured. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair's call for a new Mideast peace push "was heard loud and clear in Washington," former U.S. President George H.W. Bush said in comments broadcast Sunday. 
 Two British soldiers were seriously injured Sunday in a suicide car bomb attack in central Iraq, the Ministry of Defense said. 
 Egypt denied it has a secret nuclear weapons program in an angry response Sunday to reports that the U.N. atomic watchdog is investigating the discovery of plutonium particles near an Egyptian nuclear facility. 
 Atlanta Thrashers star Dany Heatley was taken to hospital late Saturday after a teammate hit him in the eye with the puck, his Swiss League hockey team, S.C. Bern, said. 
 U.S. television networks had promised to be more careful this year in predicting a winner in the presidential election after the confusion generated in the 2000 election. For the most part, they moved with deliberation and explained what they were doing. 
 U.S. troops have "isolated Fallujah" and all traffic in and out of the city has been halted after the Iraqi government ordered emergency rule in most of the country, the U.S. military said. 
 Top aides to Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger have skirted state regulations limiting gifts from special interest groups by spreading them around through their families, the Los Angeles Times reported Sunday. 
 Assailants poured gasoline over a Romanian immigrant and set the man on fire, severely burning the 41-year-old, Italian media reported Sunday. 
 Britain's Paula Radcliffe surged ahead in the final meters Sunday to win the closest New York City Marathon in history in 2 hours, 23 minutes, 10 seconds _ less than three months after pulling out of the Athens Games just a few kilometers from the finish in a fit of tears. 
 Sixth-seeded Marat Safin of Russia comfortably beat Radek Stepanek of the Czech Republic 6-3, 7-6 (5), 6-3 to win a record-equaling third Paris Masters title on Sunday, putting him level with Boris Becker. 
 Eight eBay sellers were ordered to pay nearly $90,000 (euro70,000) in restitution and fines after admitting they bid up products online to inflate the prices. 
 Rangers beat Livingston 4-1 in the Scottish Premier League on Sunday to cut Celtic's lead to four points. 
 Top-seeded Amelie Mauresmo of France shook off a slow start and beat Russia's Vera Zvonareva 3-6, 6-2, 6-2 to successfully defend her Advanta Championships title for her fifth tournament victory of 2004. 
 A French couple was mauled Sunday by a dog belonging to two thieves who were robbing them in the city's downtown district. 
 Gunmen raided a family party and kidnapped the mother of Santos striker Robinho, a highly sought after player by European clubs, police said Sunday. 
 Hezbollah sent its first reconnaissance drone into Israeli territory Sunday, flying over Jewish settlements in response to repeated Israeli violations of Lebanese airspace, the militant Islamic group announced. 
 Foreign Minister Michel Barnier said Sunday he believes two French journalists taken hostage in Iraq more than two months ago are alive. 
 "The Incredibles" lived up to their name at the box office as the animated superhero adventure debuted with $70.7 million (euro55 million) in its opening weekend, continuing an unbroken string of hits for Pixar Animation. 
 Police on Sunday searched the site of a train crash that killed seven people and seriously injured 11 for clues to what caused a car to be on the tracks as the high-speed train approached. 
 Schalke rallied with two goals in the final 11 minutes to beat Hamburg 2-1 SV for a club record sixth straight victory under new coach Ralf Rangnick on Sunday, pulling even on points with Wolfsburg atop the Bundesliga. 
 A small bomb exploded early Sunday in a southwestern city just hours before President Alvaro Uribe arrived to give a speech at a local university there, authorities said. 
 Director Robert Zemeckis, traveling on "The Polar Express," stopped long enough to pick up a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. 
 Fidel Castro appears to be strong and healthy, despite an accidental fall last month in which he shattered a kneecap and broke his right arm, Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said Sunday after paying the Cuban leader a surprise visit. 
 Thirty-three Egyptian workers returning from Saudi Arabia for a Muslim holiday were killed Sunday when their bus crashed into a truck in southern Egypt, police said. 
 Top-seeded Amelie Mauresmo of France shook off a slow start and beat Russia's Vera Zvonareva 3-6, 6-2, 6-2 to successfully defend her Advanta Championships title for her fifth tournament victory of 2004. 
 Portugal will extend the deployment of its police contingent in Iraq until February, the government said Sunday. 
 A cargo plane skidded off the runway at Sharjah airport Sunday shortly before take off, but there were no casualties, the official Emirates news agency reported. 
 A French anti-nuclear protester was killed Sunday in eastern France when his leg was severed by a train carrying radioactive waste to Germany, officials said. 
 Some black leaders and scholars are accusing the National Park Service of dragging its feet on a congressional order to commemorate slaves kept by George Washington at the first presidential mansion. 
 For Microsoft Corp. shareholders, the holidays will likely come early this year in the form of a one-time $3 (euro2.35) dividend that's part of the company's plan to return some of its $64.4 billion (euro50.1 billion) cash horde back to shareholders. 
 A parishioner was arrested for refusing to leave a Roman Catholic church targeted for closure by the Boston Archdiocese as part of a restructuring. 
 A Liberian-registered fuel tanker broke down in the Suez Canal early Sunday, blocking the passage of 40 ships and forcing the strategic Egyptian waterway's temporary closure, the Suez Canal authority said. 
 In his first official trade mission since taking office, Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger will jet to Japan this week for a five-day trip to promote California business and encourage Japanese tourism in the state. 
 Simao Sabrosa set up the first goal and added one of his own to lead Benfica to a 4-0 victory over Setubal on Sunday, moving the 33-time Portuguese champion alone atop the league table. 
 The number of women in U.S. state and federal prisons is at an all-time high and growing fast, with the incarceration rate for females increasing at nearly twice that of men, the government reported Sunday. 
 Leading scorers in Italy's Serie A following Sunday's Round 10 matches (penalties in parentheses): 
 A brief summary of Serie A matches played Sunday in Round 10 of the Italian league: 
 The Republican in line to head the Senate Judiciary Committee pledged on Sunday not to stall President George W. Bush's judicial nominees, even if the prospective judges oppose abortion rights. 
 School officials in Georgia's suburban Cobb County go to court Monday to defend themselves against a lawsuit accusing the district of promoting religion by requiring that science textbooks warn students evolution is "a theory, not a fact." 
 The Philippines' top envoy on Sunday appealed to Iraqi militants for the release of a Filipino accountant kidnapped earlier this month in Baghdad. 
 Former Costa Rican President Rafael Angel Calderon was back in jail on Sunday after being treated at a hospital for high blood pressure. 
 After almost two decades of refusing to rebroadcast the Live Aid famine-relief concert, organizer Bob Geldof said Sunday he had, reluctantly, changed his mind. 
 Saudi police have arrested a human rights activist who has been previously banned from writing in the conservative Gulf kingdom and traveling abroad, an Arab human rights group said Sunday. 
 Pauleta and Edouard Cisse netted brilliant goals Sunday to give Paris Saint-Germain its seventh straight win over rival Marseille, 2-1, while Lille closed in on leader Lyon in the French league. 
 Slovakian Martina Sucha outlasted American Abigail Spears 7-5, 3-6, 6-2 to win the US$170,000 Bell Challenge on Sunday for her second career WTA Tour title and first in nearly three years. 
 A polyester mesh stocking pulled up over the wide bottom of a weak heart can help it pump better and even shrink back to a more normal size, a study found. 
 Mel Gibson's "The Passion of the Christ" and the CBS television show "Joan of Arcadia" were celebrated at a Mass and awards ceremony by Catholics in Media, a group founded by Catholics in the entertainment industry to honor projects that uplift and inspire. 
 One man drowned and 650 people were evacuated after heavy rains pelted northern Guatemala, authorities said Sunday. 
 British pop star of the 1970s Leo Sayer said Monday he will move to Australia to restart his career in a country that respects its musical heroes. 
 U.S. Open champion Retief Goosen closed with a 6-under 64 Sunday to win the Tour Championship by four shots and become only the third player to overtake Tiger Woods in the final round. 
 Caribbean leaders will discuss a recently launched stabilization plan for Haiti during a two-day summit beginning Monday as they decide whether to renew ties with the poorest nation in the Americas. 
 President Alejandro Toledo said he will push to replace three judges overseeing the retrial of Shining Path rebel leaders after six of the defendants interrupted the proceedings by singing revolutionary slogans in front of the cameras. 
 Argentine U.N. peacekeepers guarded the police station in Haiti's third-largest city Sunday, a day after an attack by armed men that led officers to flee and underlined the precarious security situation in the poorest nation of the Americas. 
 At least six people were injured and one killed when violence broke out at a political rally in a rural town in central Mexico, the government new service Notimex reported over the weekend. 
 The London 2012 Olympic bid committee released a "futuristic" proposal for its Olympic Park on Monday, inspired by the human form. 
 Today is Monday, November 15, the 319th day of 2004. There are 46 days left in the year. 
 Professional weirdos Mark Moran and Mark Sceurman pulled into Rosehill Cemetery one day and wound their way around the conventional headstones before arriving at the tomb of Raymond Tse. 
 His impressionist landscapes gave him worldwide fame. But Claude Monet was also a brilliant botanist and an art market strategist who knew how to manipulate the media. 
 Iraqi, Kurdish and U.S. officials have spoken of possible links between Iran and Iraqi insurgent groups. Here's a look at the various parties: 
 EDITOR'S NOTE _ President George W. Bush has outlined an ambitious agenda for his second term, from bringing stability to Iraq to simplifying the tax laws at home. This is one in a series of stories examining the specifics of his proposals, domestic and foreign. 
 The U.S. dollar was trading at 105.54 yen on the Tokyo foreign exchange market at 9 a.m. (0000 GMT) Monday, down 0.56 yen from late Friday. 
 Taliban-linked militants holding three kidnapped U.N. workers are demanding the release of 26 prisoners, some possibly in U.S. custody at Guantanamo Bay, in return for sparing the hostages' lives. 
 Dale Earnhardt Jr. made up for his big mistake of a week earlier, pulling away from Jeff Gordon in a pair of overtime laps to win the NASCAR Nextel Cup race at Phoenix International Raceway and tighten the championship chase with two races to go. 
 Vijay Singh looked at Sunday as the beginning, not the end. 
 Sebastien Bourdais of France won the Champ Car season title Sunday with a flag-to-flag victory in the Mexican Grand Prix, frustrating Brazilian teammate Bruno Junqueira who finished second 4 1-2 seconds back. 
 State education officials rejected a request by parents and school administrators to help pay for buses so children would not have to walk through a crime-ridden neighborhood. 
 Nicaragua's leftist Sandinista Front sought to capitalize on the recent fracturing of the rival Liberal Constitutionalist Party on Sunday during local elections in 152 municipalities across Nicaragua. 
 Gold opened at US$433.95 an ounce on Monday in Hong Kong, up US$4.20 an ounce from Friday's close of US$429.75. 
 Kurt Busch is still leading the Nextel Cup points race and feeling fortunate. 
 The European Union views a new strategic partnership deal with India as a means to tighten economic and political ties with an emerging power in South Asia. 
 Howard Keel, the broad-shouldered baritone who romanced his way through a series of glittery MGM musicals such as "Kiss Me Kate" and "Annie Get Your Gun" and later revived his career with television's "Dallas," has died. He was 85. 
 A referendum intended to keep the government from granting autonomy to Macedonia's restive Albanian minority failed to gain approval because of low voter turnout, election authorities said. 
 South Korean regulators have widened a probe into Microsoft's local subsidiary over allegations the U.S. software giant violated trade rules by tying its Media Player program to its Windows operating system, the regulators said Monday. 
 Musicians in the Chicago Symphony Orchestra approved a three-year labor contract that provides a raise after a year but grants concessions on benefits, officials said. 
 Jurors who convicted five men of playing roles in pushing through Enron Corp.'s late 1999 sham sale of power barges to Merrill Lynch & Co. are deliberating factors that could kick up defendants' prison sentences to double digits. 
 Yasser Arafat's wife lashed out at his top lieutenants due to arrive Monday in Paris, accusing them of seeking to "bury" him "alive" in a furious call to Al-Jazeera television from her husband's bedside. 
 Tokyo stocks dipped Monday morning as investors took profits from recent gains. The U.S. dollar was down against the Japanese yen. 
 As a Muslim and frequent flyer, businessman Syed Maswood is used to being wrongly suspected as an Islamic terrorist. He's not used to being called a U.S. spy. 
 A video purportedly showing a suicide attack against British troops last week was posted on an Islamic Web site. 
 Lawyers for Osama bin Laden's driver are fighting to have his U.S. military trial delayed until civilian courts rule on whether the commissions, resurrected from World War II, should be revamped to give terror suspects fair trials. 
 Yasser Arafat's wife on Monday lashed out at his top lieutenants, accusing them of seeking to "bury" her ailing husband "alive" in a furious call to Al-Jazeera television. 
 The outgoing House speaker on Monday rejected calls to tone down the colorful language of lawmakers, saying decorum has improved since the early-1990s when the prime minister called rivals "scumbags," "blockheads" and "pansies." 
 Former Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas' office in this West Bank city used to be so empty of visitors that Abbas himself rarely bothered to show up. 
 Crude futures continued to fall Monday, furthering a 10 percent decline over the past two weeks on the belief that rising U.S. crude supplies will meet demand for the Northern Hemisphere winter. 
 Yasser Arafat's wife lashed out at his top lieutenants Monday, accusing them of traveling to Paris with plans to "bury" her husband "alive." 
 Israel's military unveiled preparations for foreign dignitaries and Palestinians to attend Yasser Arafat's funeral, as the Palestinian leadership was summoned to Paris where Arafat clung to life in a French hospital. 
 Japanese automaker Honda says it plans to meet growing demand in China by boosting production at one of its two car-assembly plants there. 
 A magnitude-5.9 earthquake rocked northern Japan on Monday, the latest aftershock to strike since the country's deadliest earthquake in a decade last month. At least eight people were injured. 
 Vanuatu is granting diplomatic recognition to Taiwan, an official of the Pacific nation said Monday, after days of conflicting signals about the move. Taiwan has pledged US$6 billion (euros 4.6 billion) for Vanuatu's economy, the official said. 
 Nepal's King Gyanendra on Monday pardoned 12 women who were serving jail sentences for having abortions before they were legalized in 2002, officials said. 
 Animal rights campaigners launched a hunt Monday in downtown Singapore for a tiger and a bear reportedly being kept as pets in a densely populated neighborhood. 
 During long years of war and severe poverty in Vietnam, milk and meat were true luxuries only the rich could afford. 
 Hoping to avoid a U.N. showdown, Iran and the European Union's three big powers reached a preliminary agreement over Tehran's nuclear program, Iran's chief negotiator said. 
 The head of the U.N. nuclear watchdog said Monday he hoped Iran would suspend its nuclear enrichment and reprocessing programs following Tehran's tentative deal over the weekend with France, Germany and Britain. 
 China will selectively reduce spending to help trim its ballooning fiscal deficit, state media reported Monday, citing top economic officials. 
 The daughter of former Democratic presidential hopeful Howard Dean and four other young women were taken to a hospital after their sport utility vehicle rolled over on a highway, state police said. 
 U.S. Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage will hold talks with Pakistani leaders on terrorism, developments in Afghanistan and peace efforts by regional rivals Pakistan and India, officials said Monday. 
 A lot of 18-year-olds are still trying to get their first car and figure out what they want to do with their lives. Then there's Nelson Philippe. 
 Japan and North Korea will discuss a dispute over the communist country's kidnapping of Japanese citizens during the 1970s and 1980s when officials from the two countries meet for four days in Pyongyang starting Tuesday. 
 The Belarusian prime minister met his Vietnamese counterpart in Hanoi on Monday during a visit aimed at boosting ties between the two countries. 
 Road accidents killed eight people in Indonesia as they traveled home to celebrate the end of the Islamic fasting month, police said Monday. 
 Australia's central bank said Monday that an expected increase in inflation next year could force it to raise interest rates. 
 Australian snooker great Eddie Charlton died in a New Zealand hospital Monday after a short illness, his New Zealand managers said. He was 75. 
 A top Norwegian envoy will try to bring Sri Lanka's government and Tamil Tiger rebels closer to reviving talks on how to end two decades of civil war in the South Asian nation, officials said. 
 Pitcairn Island has selected its first woman mayor in its 214-year history, after former mayor and convicted rapist Steve Christian was sacked last week, British authorities said Monday. 
 Twenty-four suspected Islamic militants jailed in Malaysian are pleading with the government to free them during the current Muslim holy month, human rights activists said Monday. 
 Gunmen riding a motorcycle shot dead a Christian bus driver Monday on Indonesia's Sulawesi island, heightening tensions in the region that saw a bloody outbreak of religious fighting three years ago. 
 A court in Ho Chi Minh City has sentenced an Australian man to death for trafficking heroin, state-controlled media reported Monday. 
 The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues closed at 10,983.83 points on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Monday, down 77.94 points, or 0.70 percent, from Friday. 
 The South Korean government plans to divert money from pension funds into projects to build schools, clinics and housing next year as part of efforts to ensure 5 percent growth for the economy. 
 India's second largest software exporter, Infosys Technologies Ltd., plans to increase the availability of its shares on New York's Nasdaq stock exchange by draining the Indian stock markets of 16 million shares, or nearly 6 percent, of its stock. 
 A heavy explosion shook central Baghdad Monday. 
 South Korean regulators have widened a probe into Microsoft's local subsidiary over allegations the U.S. software giant violated trade rules by tying its Media Player program to its Windows operating system, the regulators said Monday. 
 SECOND-TERM AGENDA _ History has shown that re-elected presidents, freed of having to face the voters again, often work to break new ground on domestic and foreign policy issues. 
 A Monaco-based investment fund has threatened to take South Korea's largest oil company to court to remove its chairman following his conviction for fraud. 
 Palestinian leaders abruptly called off a visit to Yasser Arafat's bedside on Monday, after the ailing leader's wife accused them of trying to depose her husband. 
 An explosion blew the door off a Muslim school in a southern Dutch down and shattered windows across the street on Monday, Dutch television reported. There were no reports of injuries. 
 Police launched a surprise attack on an insurgent checkpoint south of Baghdad, killing 25 militants, Iraqi police said Monday. 
 In the days since Yasser Arafat arrived in France, a small makeshift shrine of flowers and candles left by well-wishers has sprung up outside the hospital where he's being treated. 
 Gold bullion opened Monday at a bid price of US$433.48 a troy ounce, up from US$432.80 late Friday. 
 British Airways PLC said Monday that net profit rose by 25.5 percent over the latest quarter and that passenger numbers also rose. 
 A plan by Malaysia's Catholic church to exhume more than 200 bodies from a 19th-century graveyard has been postponed, following opposition by activists and family members, a bishop said Monday. 
 World Series MVP Manny Ramirez of the Boston Red Sox has pulled out of Major League Baseball's tour of Japan because of a sore left hamstring. 
 China will selectively reduce spending to help trim its ballooning fiscal deficit, state media reported Monday, citing top economic officials who also stressed Beijing's intention to keep its monetary and currency policies stable. 
 A magnitude-5.9 earthquake rocked northern Japan on Monday near the area where the country's deadliest earthquake in a decade struck last month. At least eight people were injured. 
 NASA scientists are studying the man who was the basis for Dustin Hoffman's character in the 1988 film "Rain Man," hoping that technology used to study the effects of space travel on the brain will help explain his mental capabilities. 
 Two Marines were killed early Monday in Fallujah, the U.S. military said, making them the first casualties in the American offensive to retake the insurgent-held city. 
 Australian coach Frank Farina will follow most of the Socceroo players to Europe, where he'll base himself on a semi-permanent basis in the leadup to the 2006 World Cup. 
 Swedish football club Djurgarden qualified for next season's UEFA Cup after beating IFK Goteborg in the Swedish Cup final. 
 Gold closed at US$434.75 an ounce on Monday in Hong Kong, up US$5.00 an ounce from Friday's close of US$429.75. 
 Austrian police arrested a 21-year-old man who allegedly robbed at least five taxi drivers after threatening them with a syringe he said contained blood infected with the AIDS virus, authorities said Monday. 
 A car bomb hit a civilian convoy belonging to U.S.-led coalition forces on Monday on the main highway to Baghdad's airport, the Interior Ministry said 
 Scattered showers and thunderstorms will affect far east Mauritania, Western Sahara and Morocco on Tuesday. 
 Swedish aerospace and defense company Saab AB said Monday it would lay off 50 workers at its offices near the Swedish capital, mostly at its support and technical operations centers. 
 Municipal councils from across Australia passed a motion Monday to boycott James Hardie products until the building materials giant adequately compensates asbestos victims. 
 Over one of the toughest courses the marathon offers, against one of the strongest fields ever assembled, Paula Radcliffe ran the way she always does: like a metronome. 
 Sri Lanka said Monday it was imposing taxes of up to 20 percent on all nonessential imports because of a "foreign exchange crisis" following a surge in petroleum prices. 
 Kazakhstan's national atomic company said Monday it has struck a long-term deal with China's nuclear agency to produce and process uranium. 
 A district court in the Netherlands on Monday blocked the extradition of an alleged Kurdish rebel leader wanted in Turkey for her suspected role in a series of bombings in the 1990s. 
 National Hockey League star Jaromir Jagr is leaving the Czech league to play in Russia, media reported Monday. 
 Asian stock markets closed mostly lower Monday, with prices falling in Tokyo on profit-taking. 
 Australia's decision to replace an elected board representing Aborigines with a government-appointed panel is a major set back in efforts to improve the lives of the country's indigenous people, the outgoing body's chairman said Monday. 
 Germany said Monday it would forgive US$60 million (euro 48 million) in debt owed by Indonesia after Jakarta promised to spend the funds on new schools and conservation projects. 
 A car bomb exploded in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul on Monday, injuring one U.S. soldier and 12 Iraqi bystanders, the U.S. military and hospital officials said. 
 Authorities evacuated businesses along a street in downtown Linz on Monday after an explosion tore through a convenience shop in the western Austrian city, slightly injuring the woman attendant, officials said. 
 Several thousand homes were flooded in Athens Monday following heavy overnight rainfall which also seriously disrupted traffic and overturned dozens of vehicles, authorities said. 
 Three small bombs exploded in different locations in Milan on Monday causing minor damage, Italian news reports said. No one was reported injured in the explosions. 
 An Australian convicted in the serial killings of seven young backpackers was a bisexual who turned to murder to reassert control over his life after failed relationships, the man who led a police team that finally tracked him down said. 
 Two trams collided at a station Monday morning, slightly injuring 17 passengers and blocking traffic for an hour in an industrial suburb of Zagreb. 
 Bulgaria's infantry battalion in Iraq has been relocated to a new position amid tight security measures, the Defense Ministry said on Monday. 
 Another well-crafted goal by Michael Owen and a clinical penalty by Luis Figo moved Real Madrid up into second place behind FC Barcelona ahead of their Spanish League clash later this month. 
 The United States awarded two grants Monday totaling US$230,000 (euro 178,905) for programs to replace traditional cooking fuels with cleaner alternatives to reduce air pollution in rural India, a U.S. official said. 
 Singapore Airlines and its subsidiary on Monday said they would again increase their fuel surcharges to offset rising jet fuel costs. 
 Hundreds of Latvian hockey fans, officials and players turned out Monday to pay their last respects to Sergei Zholtok, the long-time NHL and Latvian national team player who died during a game last week in Belarus. 
 Albania said Monday it could increase its participation in international peacekeeping operations as part of its efforts to join the European Union and NATO. 
 Triple World Cup equestrian champion Hugo Simon sent his best horse, E.T., into retirement on Monday. 
 About 300 Georgian soldiers left Monday for Kuwait, where they are to prepare for deployment in Iraq. 
 As a Muslim and frequent flyer, American businessman Syed Maswood is used to being wrongly suspected as an Islamic terrorist. He's not used to being called a U.S. spy in the Arab world. 
 Scandinavian Airlines, which is part of travel conglomerate SAS AB, said Monday its passenger traffic rose 3 percent in October, with more demand on both European and trans-Atlantic routes. 
 Liza Marklund, a Swedish journalist and author of several detective novels, was named a goodwill ambassador for the UNICEF on Monday. 
 Former Czech President Vaclav Havel said Monday the Czech Republic should not hold a referendum on the European Union constitution. 
 Munich Re, the world's biggest reinsurer, said Monday that its net profit rose in the third quarter despite losses of about euro550 million (US$714 million) caused by a string of Caribbean hurricanes and Pacific typhoons. 
 Japanese international Yoshito Okubo said Monday he is headed to Spanish club Mallorca on a six-month loan after his team, J-League side Cerezo Osaka, agreed to a transfer. 
 The European Union's head office said it filed a complaint at the World Trade Organization on Monday against the United States and Canada for not lifting sanctions against the EU over its ban on imports of hormone-treated beef. 
 Soaring oil prices pushed up the cost of goods leaving British factories at the fastest rate in nine years, the government said Monday. 
 Prime Minister Ayad Allawi said Monday that all the gunmen who attacked a police station in Haditha and killed policemen were all foreigners. 
 A Briton and a senior Chinese official working in Hong Kong have been jailed by China for spying, an official said Monday. Media reports said both men were spying for London. 
 Iraq's foreign minister Hoshyar Zebari said Monday his interim government is determined to smash the insurgency in Fallujah, which he described as a blight that impedes the building of a democratic Iraq. 
 Stuart Murdoch was dismissed Monday as manager of Milton Keynes Dons, formerly known as Wimbledon. 
 Share prices on the London Stock Exchange were lower at midday Monday. 
 With warplanes and artillery pounding the city, U.S. troops fought their way into the western outskirts of Fallujah on Monday, seizing a hospital and two bridges over the Euphrates River in the first stage of a major assault on the insurgent stronghold. 
 AC Milan striker Filippo Inzaghi underwent surgery on his left ankle Monday for the second time this year and will be out for three months, team doctor Jean Pierre Meersseman said. 
 South African playwright Gibson Kente, lauded for fighting the stigma of AIDS by publicly announcing he was HIV-positive, has died, relatives said. He was 72. 
 Kosovo's top U.N. official decided Monday to hand over more power to the province's government by creating three new ministries, the United Nations said. 
 Prime Minister Ayad Allawi on Monday dismissed a call by Saudi clerics for resistance against U.S. forces in Iraq, and a leading Iraqi newspaper accused the religious figures of inciting terrorism. 
 Lagardere SCA's revenues rose 15 percent in the third quarter, the French media and defense group said Monday, boosted by its publishing units and 15 percent stake in Airbus' parent company. 
 Bundesliga front-runner Wolfsburg's Argentine playmaker Andres D'Alessandro will miss two games through suspension. 
 Jordan's military court on Monday acquitted four alleged Muslim militants of conspiracy to attack U.S. forces in the kingdom, saying a government declaration last year that no foreign troops were stationed in Jordan nullified the charges against them. 
 Chechen security forces killed 22 separatist rebels including the alleged leader of the assassination of the republic's president, Chechen deputy prime minister Ramzan Kadyrov said Monday, according to news reports. 
 A bomb blew the front door off a Muslim school in a southern Dutch town overnight and shattered windows across the street, days after the arrest of a Muslim radical accused of killing a Dutch filmmaker, police said Monday. 
 Cocoa futures on the International Financial Futures and Options Exchange rose sharply Monday because of fighting in the Ivory Coast, the world's No. 1 cocoa producer. 
 Four senior Palestinian officials left the West Bank city of Ramallah on Monday to travel to Paris to visit ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat. 
 German industrial conglomerate Siemens AG said Monday it was launching a second bid for Austrian competitor VA Technologie AG in an offer that valued the Linz-based maker of power generation and transmission equipment at more than euro800 million (US$1 billion). 
 Scottish actor Ewan McGregor, famous for playing Obi-Wan Kenobi in the "Star Wars" prequel trilogy, will make his musical theater debut in a remake of "Guys and Dolls" in London's West End, producers confirmed Monday. 
 Eight river pirates were bludgeoned to death by ferry passengers after a failed robbery attempt near a northern Bangladeshi town, police said Monday. 
 Denmark's Crown Prince Frederik and his Australian-born wife, Crown Princess Mary, visited Berlin's city hall Monday on a trip that saw the royal couple explore the German capital's art highlights. 
 Crude futures fell again Monday, extending a decline over the past two weeks on the belief that rising U.S. oil supplies will meet demand for the Northern Hemisphere winter. 
 After a weekend without some of the normal comforts of home _ no unfiltered TV, no Internet, no visitors _ sequestered jurors in Scott Peterson's murder trial were set to resume deliberations Monday for a third full day. 
 Iraqi border patrols have arrested 203 Afghans who illegally crossed into the country from neighboring Iran, a border official said said Monday. 
 Jason Robinson will be the first former rugby league player to captain England's rugby union team. 
 French Finance Minister Nicolas Sarkozy urged the United States Monday to take steps to reduce its massive current account deficit, saying market concern about it is weakening the dollar. 
 Police on Monday ordered that 11 people be detained after they were arrested over the weekend for alleged counterfeiting in a raid that netted more than euro9 million (US$11.6 million) in fake euro100 bills. 
 Spain and Germany plan to propose strengthening defense cooperation and ways to boost Europe's economy at a one-day summit Monday, in a sign of increasing cooperation between the two countries since Spain's change in policy over Iraq. 
 Japan's government said Monday it will try to meet its target of reducing greenhouse gas emissions promised under the Kyoto Protocol on global warming by purchasing the right to pollute from Japanese companies. 
 Jason Robinson has become the first former rugby league player to captain England's rugby union team. 
 Assyriska will join Swedish soccer's top league next season, the first Assyrian-founded team to make the move, officials said Monday. 
 Pakistan claimed credit Monday for a drop in the number of Islamic militants who are sneaking from its territory into Indian-controlled Kashmir to take part in the insurgency there. 
 U.S. troops clashed Monday with insurgents on a major street in the heart of Baghdad, an Iraqi official said. Heavy gunfire and the wail of sirens could be heard in the area. 
 Opposition parties rebuked the conservative government Monday for extending Portugal's police mission in Iraq, but officials insisted the force was needed to provide security for planned elections there in January. 
 Spain and Germany plan to strengthen defense cooperation and propose ways to boost Europe's economy at a one-day summit Monday, in a sign of increasing cooperation between the two countries since Spain's change in policy over Iraq. 
 Goalkeeper Thomas Soerensen, midfielder Daniel Jensen and forwards Peter Loevenkrands and Peter Madsen are in Denmark's lineup for this month's World Cup qualifier against Georgia, coach Morten Olsen said Monday. 
 It's only early November, yet even Alex Ferguson is almost writing off Manchester United's title chances. 
 Boca Juniors has named an interim replacement for Coach Miguel Brindisi after he quit Sunday following his team's loss to archrival River Plate in Argentina's first-division race. 
 A September census put Syria's population at 17,793,000 and growing at an average annual rate of 2.58 percent, compared to the 3.3 percent average rate recorded in the previous 10-year period. 
 About 300 more detainees have been released from U.S. and Iraqi government custody from the Abu Ghraib prison west of Baghdad, the U.S. military said Monday. 
 The Latvian Football Federation's Council of Coaches nominated Jurijs Andrejevs, head coach of Skonto Riga and an assistant coach for the national side, to replace Aleksandrs Starkovs as head coach of the Latvian national team on Monday. 
 A suicide bomber blew himself up outside a military camp in India's portion of Kashmir on Monday, wounding four soldiers, while unknown assailants shot and injured a separatist leader outside a mosque, police said. 
 German sports car maker Porsche on Monday withdrew a lawsuit against the operator of the country's main stock exchange that had sought admission to the market's upper segment without having to issue quarterly earnings reports. 
 The Swiss government has appointed a special prosecutor to determine whether officials violated legal secrecy by disclosing details of billions of dollars in investments linked to Russian oil giant OAO Yukos. 
 "Much more" than 500 people have been wounded in clashes in Ivory Coast's largest city, and loyalist mobs are blocking efforts to tend to the injured, a Red Cross official said Monday. 
 Martin Jol was appointed Tottenham's head coach Monday, three days after the sudden resignation of manager Jacques Santini. The Dutchman becomes Spurs' sixth boss in eight years. 
 Nigerian workers who take part in an upcoming general strike aimed at halting the country's oil exports risk losing their jobs, the labor minister warned Monday. 
 An aide to radical Shiite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr urged Iraqi soldiers and police not to fight alongside U.S. forces in Fallujah. 
 Premier Silvio Berlusconi's children are willing to sell family-controlled broadcaster Mediaset in order to rid their father of conflict-of-interest accusations and help his political career, according to remarks by Berlusconi published Monday in an Italian paper. 
 Authorities asked a playwright to change the name of his comedy "A Kuwaiti in Fallujah" because it was giving fundamentalists a wrong impression that it was about Kuwaiti fighters in the insurgent Iraqi city, the playwright said Monday. 
 Saudi Arabia's de facto ruler has launched 30 billion riyals (US$8 billion, euro6.2 billion) worth of development projects in the holy city of Mecca, including a plan to expand part of the Grand Mosque, a Saudi newspaper reported Monday. 
 The Colombian government has filed a lawsuit accusing Pernod Ricard and Diageo of illegally importing spirits via Colombian companies that launder drug money, both companies said Monday. 
 Poland's unemployment rate dropped for the eighth consecutive month in October, falling to 18.7 percent from 18.9 percent in September, the economy minister said Monday. 
 Top officials from Romania's governing party said they would consider a political agreement with the main nationalist party, depending on results from this month's closely contested elections, newspapers reported Monday. 
 The European Union signed a "strategic partnership" with India on Monday to tighten economic and political ties with a burgeoning economy that Europeans have come to regard as important to regional stability. 
 A judge on Monday jailed two Algerians and a Moroccan for their suspected ties to a radical Islamic cell that allegedly plotted to blow up a court and other buildings in Spain, officials said. 
 Families of British and Commonwealth soldiers who fought in World War I will be able to trace their relatives' war records through a Web site launched Monday. 
 David Beckham trained with the Real Madrid squad Monday for the first time since breaking his ribs last month. 
 The caretaker Palestinian leadership headed to Yasser Arafat's bedside Monday despite an earlier decision to call off the trip after critical comments from the ailing leaders wife. 
 A jailed Mafia leader directed extortion rackets from behind bars by smuggling out messages in his dirty laundry, prosecutors claimed Monday. 
 BcMetals Corp. has reached agreement with Outokumpu Technology of Helsinki, Finland, to build an integrated copper plant in northwestern British Columbia. 
 A prominent Sunni politician added his voice Monday to a growing opposition to the American-led offensive against Fallujah, saying the use of violence "will lead to very strong reactions and will inflame hatred and resentment." 
 For sale: One ex-wife's $250 million (euro194 million) divorce judgment. All the buyer has to do is find a way to collect from the Saudi royal family. 
 Authorities partly raised the wreckage of a boat that struck a barge and sank in the Danube River last week, and officials said Monday it could contain the bodies of four missing passengers who are presumed dead. 
 A sticker in suburban Atlanta science textbooks that says evolution is "a theory, not a fact" was challenged in court Monday as an unlawful promotion of religion. 
 BT Group PLC said Monday it is buying U.S.-based Infonet Services Corp. in a deal that values the provider of communications services at US$965 million (euro744 million). 
 Quietly, the IPO market has entered the second coming of the Internet age. 
 Syrian Foreign Minister Farouk al-Sharaa arrived in Ankara on Monday for a two-day visit to discuss the situation in neighboring Iraq, where both Turkey and Syria oppose the political aspirations of Iraqi Kurds. 
 Vice President Jose Alencar took over the Defense Ministry Monday as the Brazilian government sought to ease tensions with the armed forces. 
 U.S. tanks and armored vehicles were seen moving Monday night toward northern Fallujah supported by artillery and aircraft, residents of the city said by telephone. 
 The first major setback of the new season for Bayern Munich could come against Felix Magath's old team. 
 Latvia's prosecutor general said Monday that four Latvian men arrested for their roles in a two-year string of bank robberies in the German state of Lower Saxony would be extradited to Germany within 10 days. 
 Two New Zealand cricketers were found guilty of "misconduct" and penalized for their actions during a limited-overs match in the just-concluded tour of Bangladesh, a Bangladesh Cricket Board news release said Monday. 
 Former Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu will train with his former club Dinamo Bucharest while he serves a seven-month ban for using cocaine, the club said Monday. 
 A weekend referendum on self-rule for ethnic Albanians in Macedonia met democratic standards, international monitors declared Monday, despite opposition parties' claims of fraud. 
 The government is considering an investigation of South Africa's prisons, following violence Sunday that killed four people at a maximum-security complex in Pretoria, a spokesman said Monday. 
 1. Roger Federer, Switzerland, 5,585 points. 
 1. Lindsay Davenport, United States, 4,546 points. 
 Dimon Inc., the world's second largest dealer of leaf tobacco, said Monday it had agreed to acquire rival Standard Commercial Corp. in a $670 million (euro518 million) stock swap. The news sent the stocks of both companies higher. 
 The Asian Development Bank will provide US$100 million (euro83 million) in credits and grants to Azerbaijan in 2004-6, its president Tadao Chino said Monday. 
 Jan Ullrich is sorry to see one time trial dropped from next year's Tour de France and is not concerned about whether six-time winner Lance Armstrong decides to race again. 
 Italian authorities seized 40 guns with silencers and laser sights Monday, arresting two Bulgarians who were allegedly trying to smuggle the weapons into Italy in the gas tank of a car, police said. 
 The European Commission gave its clearance Monday to ConocoPhillips' purchase of a 30 percent stake in Russia's Lukoil Holdings oil exploration and production company Naryanmarneftegaz. 
 The remains of a Croatian truck driver killed by insurgents in Iraq was returned to his hometown Tuesday after a grueling evacuation lasting several days. 
 Puerto Rico elections officials on Monday began reviewing voting records in an extremely close governor's race, aiming to confirm whether a candidate who supports the island's U.S. commonwealth status won a narrow victory as shown by preliminary results. 
 Military prosectutors have begun a criminal investigation into the role three military officers may have played in the recent disappearance of an opposition leader, Venezuela's defense minister said Monday. 
 A referee was hospitalized with serious head injuries after he was beaten during an amateur soccer match in eastern Romania, officials said Monday. 
 Hungary's main opposition party won't support a government proposal to extend the stay of Hungary's troops in Iraq by three months through March, party officials said Monday. 
 A former world champion runner from Kenya went on trial in Britain Monday on a charge of rape. 
 Police arrested a reputed Israeli underworld figure early Monday on an international warrant for smuggling drugs from the European Union to the United States, authorities said. 
 Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger was charged with improper conduct by the Football Association on Monday for calling Manchester United striker Ruud van Nistelrooy a "cheat." 
 More than 4,000 U.S. Marines and Army troops punched their way into northeastern Fallujah Monday, kicking off a massive assault that seeks to put an end to half a year of insurgent control of the Sunni Muslim city. 
 President Thabo Mbeki was in consultations Monday with African leaders ahead of an emergency trip to Ivory Coast aimed at ending renewed fighting in the West African country, a presidential spokesman said. 
 Alexei Kovalev has agreed to play in his native Russia for AK Bars Kazan, becoming the latest National Hockey League player to join a European team during the North American league's lockout. 
 A taxi driver in Florida killed a drunken passenger when the man refused to get out of his cab, police said. 
 A court prohibited the former mayor of Caracas, Alfredo Pena, who has been accused of corruption, from leaving Venezuela, the Attorney General's Office announced Monday. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair said Monday the Sudanese government must end the violence in Darfur or face possible action by the United Nations. 
 The European Union's head office said it filed a complaint at the World Trade Organization on Monday against the United States and Canada for not lifting sanctions against the EU over its ban on imports of hormone-treated beef. 
 BMO Financial Group said Monday it has become the first Canadian bank authorized to sell derivatives in China. 
 French paratroopers sent to Kosovo last month to boost NATO-led peacekeepers during general elections here will stay in this U.N.-run province longer than planned, the peacekeeping force said Monday. 
 A building under construction collapsed Monday, killing at least 3 workers and injuring 27 others in this western Indian city, rescue officials said. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair on Monday pledged to "hold firm" in Iraq and said the massive U.S.-led assault against insurgents in Fallujah was necessary to ensure elections could go ahead in the country. 
 Two unidentified gunmen on a motorcycle fired three shots on Sunday at the back door of the automobile of Bolivia soccer goalkeeper Leo Fernandez, who was unhurt police said. 
 A Serb commission's final report on the 1995 Srebrenica massacre acknowledges that the mass murder of 7,800 Muslim men and boys was planned, an international official said Monday. 
 A U.S. soldier was killed Monday when his patrol came under small arms fire in eastern Baghdad, the U.S. military said. 
 A Turkish court on Monday reduced the prison term for the man who shot Pope John Paul II, enabling him to be released at the end of next year, his lawyer said. 
 Bolton appealed to the Football Association on Monday claiming goalkeeper Jussi Jaaskelainen was wrongfully sent off in the 1-1 draw against Middlesbrough. 
 Hundreds of Liberians made homeless by conflict boarded buses and trucks for their old villages and towns on Monday, marking the first waves of homecomings for 300,000 displaced by war in this West African nation. 
 Clearing more legal challenges, Microsoft Corp. announced important settlements Monday with rival Novell Inc. for $536 million (euro415 million) and with a Washington-based trade organization that had aggressively backed landmark antitrust cases against Microsoft by the U.S. government and European Union. 
 A weekend referendum on self-rule for ethnic Albanians in Macedonia met democratic standards, international monitors declared Monday, despite opposition parties' claims of fraud. 
 Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat remains in "stable" condition in intensive care, but with restricted visiting rights, a hospital spokesman said Monday. 
 Thousands of U.S. troops, backed by armor and a stunning air barrage, attacked the toughest strongholds of Sunni insurgents in Fallujah on Monday, launching a long-awaited offensive to put an end to guerrilla control of the Sunni Muslim city. 
 Over the past few months, high bacteria levels have forced officials to warn swimmers and fishermen to stay away from several beaches in the U.S. Virgin Islands, officials said Monday. 
 BOGOTA, Colombia _ Marxist rebels on Monday rejected a government proposal to hold face-to-face talks at a foreign embassy in Bogota aimed at swapping jailed rebels for hostages being held by the guerrillas, including three Americans. 
 A memorial to Holocaust victims was vandalized over the weekend in the Belarusian city of Brest, a Jewish community leader said Monday. 
 Muslim groups asked the Dutch government Monday to protect Islamic sites after an elementary school was bombed _ the latest in escalating tensions following the killing of a filmmaker, allegedly by an Islamic radical. 
 European stocks were flat to lower Monday in a lackluster start to the week as the U.S. dollar plumbed new lows against the euro, prompting worries over the outlook for profits among the region's leading exporters. 
 Profit taking after Wall Street's nine-session rally pushed stocks marginally lower Monday even as oil prices continued their downward trend. 
 News Corp., the media conglomerate controlled by Rupert Murdoch, announced Monday that it was adopting a "poison pill" defense following an unexpected maneuver by media investor John Malone last week that could nearly double his voting control in the company to 17 percent. 
 Poland's President Aleksander Kwasniewski said Monday that Iraqi elections should be held as planned in January, despite a possible increase in terrorist attacks. 
 Opposition presidential candidate Viktor Yushchenko on Monday picked up more support for his run-off battle against Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych, while tensions rose over the first round's vote count, whose final tally still has not been announced. 
 Poland is committed to keeping its troops in Iraq, but is actively looking for ways to reduce its presence there and hopes that the re-elected U.S. administration is clearer in voicing its ambitions for Iraq in the future, Poland's parliament speaker said Monday. 
 A single-engine plane crashed into a farm in western Brazil, killing all seven people aboard, aviation officials said Monday. 
 Motorcyclist Max Biaggi fell in a training session Monday and was to undergo surgery on his broken left leg, likely to keep him out of racing for two months. 
 Mexican first lady Marta Sahagun congratulated her counterpart, Laura Bush, on her husband's electoral victory in the United States during a brief telephone chat Monday. 
 An Israeli Bedouin soldier has been arrested on charges of giving military information to Lebanon's Hezbollah guerrilla group, Israeli security officials said Monday. 
 Numancia fired coach Francisco Lopez Alfaro Monday after the club was promoted to Spain's Primera Liga at the end of last season but was unable to rise above the bottom of the standings. 
 Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero expressed support Monday for Germany's handling of its budget deficit, saying he favored a flexible approach to the financial rules set down by the European Union. 
 Germany's Deutsche Post AG said Monday its DHL unit is taking a majority stake in Blue Dart Express Ltd. of India, one of the country's biggest express delivery companies, in a deal with a total value of euro128 million (US$166 million). 
 Saudi Ambassador Prince Turki Al-Faisal on Monday criticized 26 prominent Saudi religious scholars for urging Iraqis to support militants waging holy war against the U.S.-led coalition forces. 
 Police arrested a man traveling with his wife and three children after seizing some 41 kilograms (90 pounds) of cocaine found in the pickup truck he was driving, local reports said Monday. 
 English soccer star David Beckham will make his movie debut in the first film of a soccer trilogy due to hit the big screens next year, a spokesman said Monday. 
 The African Union said Monday that it supports United Nations and French intervention in Ivory Coast and will dispatch a delegation led by South African President Thabo Mbeki and AU Commission Chairman Alpha Oumar Konare to press for peace there. 
 Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero and German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder said Monday they hoped to have "positive relations" with U.S. President George W. Bush, but demanded he respect differences in opinion over international issues, like Iraq. 
 The singer once known as Cat Stevens, now a peace activist whose name was on a U.S. list of people suspected of having terrorist links, will receive a peace prize from a foundation headed by former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev, organizers said Monday. 
 Lufthansa canceled 30 of 40 flights between Paris and Germany on Monday because of strikes by the airline's ground crew at Paris' main airport, a spokeswoman said. 
 Estonian Defense Minister Margus Hanson said on Monday that his stolen briefcase contained classified documents, among other papers, but declined to elaborate on their nature because of an expected investigation by the state's security police. 
 Russia launched a new model of booster rocket on Monday following two postponements, news agencies reported. 
 The head of Britain's MI5 domestic security service said Monday that Britons face a "serious and sustained threat" of terror attacks at home and abroad. 
 Hezbollah on Monday released footage of an unmanned reconnaissance drone it had sent into Israeli airspace a day earlier, a flight which the United Nations said violated the U.N.-drawn border between Lebanon and Israel. 
 U.S. medical officials are urging families to talk not just turkey this Thanksgiving holiday but also medical history _ generations of it _ to help identify breast, heart and other problems early enough to prevent them. 
 A 17-year-old girl was killed and nine other pupils were injured when a school bus careened out of control and tumbled into a ravine in southern Croatia, police said Monday. 
 France's second-most prestigious literary award, the Renaudot prize, was awarded Monday to a Jewish writer who died at a Nazi death camp _ the first time the prize honored a writer for posthumous work. 
 Poland's foreign minister said Monday the government was optimistic about freeing a Polish woman held hostage by militants in Iraq. 
 Oakland Athletics shortstop Bobby Crosby was just a vote shy of being a unanimous pick for AL Rookie of the Year, and Pittsburgh Pirates outfielder Jason Bay won the NL award on Monday. 
 Various investigations into an alleged $180 million (euro139 million) bribery scandal in Nigeria involving a Halliburton Co. subsidiary and other companies have indicated that payments may have been made to Nigerian officials, the company said in a regulatory filing. 
 Police awaited contact from kidnappers of the mother of soccer star Robinho and searched for a motive on Monday. 
 Iraqi forces took over the Fallujah train station late Monday, one of their objectives as U.S. and Iraqi troops launched a major attack to seize the city from Sunni Muslim militants. 
 Family values, traditional values and now, "moral values." Most American adults would say they have them, and yet that two-word phrase is the focus of an ideological tug-of-war heightened by President George W. Bush's re-election, with conservatives declaring principal ownership and liberals scrambling to challenge them. 
 Major conservative advocacy groups expect to be rewarded politically for what they believe was a pivotal role in energizing their supporters to re-elect President Bush and strengthen Republican control of Congress. Among the items on their wish list: 
 The presiding officer for U.S. military commissions set up to try four terror suspects in Guantanamo ordered an indefinite recess Monday after a note was passed to him, apparently telling him of a federal court ruling halting the proceedings. 
 Scientists say changes in the earth's climate from human influences are occurring particularly intensely in the Arctic region, evidenced by widespread melting of glaciers, thinning sea ice and rising permafrost temperatures. 
 The Securities Regulation Panel ruled Monday in favor of Harmony Gold Mining Co. Ltd. in the first of a series of legal and regulatory challenges to its hostile US$7.1 billion (euro5.5 billion) takeover bid for rival South African mining company Gold Fields Ltd. 
 Palestinians used to dismiss Yasser Arafat's wife, Suha, as a spoiled socialite who chose life in Paris over standing by her husband's side in his besieged West Bank headquarters. 
 McDonald's Corp. reported another month of strong worldwide sales Monday, sending its stock to its highest level in nearly three years. 
 Migros, Switzerland's largest food retailer, is offering environmentally friendly grocery delivery _ by electric bicycle _ as part of a six-month experiment. 
 A U.S. federal court on Monday halted proceedings in the case of Osama bin Laden's driver until the commission rules conform to military codes of justice and his status as an enemy combatant is evaluated by a competent tribunal. 
 Militants detonated car bombs in quick succession Monday near two churches in southern Baghdad after sundown, killing at least three people and injuring 52 others, according to the U.S. military and police. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair hopes to inject momentum into the stalled Middle East peace process when he meets U.S. President George W. Bush in Washington later this week, but isn't expecting an immediate new initiative, officials said Monday. 
 Portuguese President Jorge Sampaio arrived in Rome on Monday evening for a visit that includes talks with the country's top officials and Pope John Paul II. 
 Brazilian troops serving in Haiti as part of the United Nations peacekeeping force will remain there until the Caribbean nation elects a new president and government, Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva said on Monday. 
 2004 _ Jason Bay, Pittsburgh 
 Yasser Arafat's confinement to a Paris hospital has given his wife, Suha, something she has never had in 14 years of marriage: Power and influence. And in the background, many believe, is a struggle for a fortune controlled solely by the ailing Palestinian leader. 
 2004 _ Bobby Crosby, Oakland 
 A contrite Governor James E. McGreevey delivered a farewell address Monday in which he said he does not apologize "for being a gay American but rather for having let personal feelings impact my decision-making." 
 Suddenly, the 25 points Dale Earnhardt Jr. lost for uttering a vulgarity during a live TV interview are looming very large indeed. 
 Former Enron Corp. chief executive Jeffrey Skilling wants to face a jury in Phoenix, Atlanta or Denver because too many potential jurors in the Houston area associate his name with words like "pig," "snake" and "evil," according to a court filing. 
 An attorney for Oracle Corp. says the company will abandon its legal challenge to PeopleSoft Inc.'s antitakeover protections if shareholders fail to tender a majority of their shares by a Nov. 19 deadline. 
 Britain's former ambassador to Uzbekistan on Monday attacked U.S. support for the central Asian country and accused Washington of helping prop up a brutal and corrupt regime. 
 A roadside bomb exploded Monday on the road to Baghdad International Airport and U.S. troops clashed with insurgents in a neighborhood west of the city, witnesses reported. 
 Gold for current delivery closed at $432.70 per troy ounce Monday on the New York Mercantile Exchange, down from $433.60 late Friday. 
 Dutch police detained a third suspect on terrorism charges Monday for allegedly threatening a politician with beheading in a video circulating on the Internet, prosecutors said. 
 An explosion late Monday hit near Yarmouk Hospital in western Baghdad, killing at least three people, police and hospital officials said. 
 Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld would not say Monday whether he wants to continue in his job during President George W. Bush's second term and said the matter hasn't been discussed in postelection meetings. 
 A leading Sunni Muslim association called on Iraqi soldiers Monday not to obey orders of the "occupation forces" as U.S. and government forces launched an all-out offensive against the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah. 
 Crude futures prices fell Monday, briefly sinking below $49 a barrel, as the U.S. supply of oil grows and traders said institutional investors shift their capital from commodities to equities. 
 It's "100 years of Solitude," squeezed into 14 hours. 
 The Albanian parliament voted Monday against lifting the immunity of one of its members accused by Prime Minister Fatos Nano and his wife of defamation and public damage to their reputation. 
 Barry Manilow is a little surprised to see tens of thousands of people singing along with him. 
 Italian clothing giant Benetton said Monday it is donating 2,500 hectares (about 6,200 acres) of land in Patagonia to Argentine Nobel Peace Prize winner Adolfo Perez Esquivel _ a move Benetton hopes will help indigenous populations in the region. 
 The National Music Museum at the University of South Dakota has acquired two guitars and a banjo from the estate of Johnny Cash and June Carter Cash. 
 Genetically modified corn is not likely to contaminate the Mexican countryside where corn was born, but Mexico should still limit and better regulate its importation of biotech corn from the United States, a NAFTA watchdog group concluded Monday. 
 Senior Palestinian leaders including Ahmed Qureia and Mahmoud Abbas arrived in France Monday night in a bid to check on the medical status of Yasser Arafat. 
 The stock market closed. 
 Oil companies reported some progress over the past week as they worked to restore oil production in the Gulf of Mexico, where Hurricane Ivan damaged pipelines and platforms and reduced production. 
 Brazil's gun buyback program has been so successful that the government is considering extending it for another six months, Justice Minister Marcio Thomaz Bastos said Monday. 
 Korean Air is the first airline granted permission by the U.S. government to carry electric stun guns aboard jetliners that fly within U.S. airspace. 
 The blond hair is going gray, but the man who shot President Ronald Reagan still looks much as he did 23 years ago. His lawyer argued Monday that John Hinckley is a changed man, however, and ready to live part-time away from the mental hospital where he has been confined since shortly after the failed assassination attempt in 1981. 
 The candidate for Nicaragua's leftist Sandinista Front claimed victory Monday in weekend mayoral elections in the capital, saying "the future would triumph over the past." 
 Korean Air is the first airline granted permission by the federal government to carry electric stun guns aboard jetliners that fly within U.S. airspace. 
 A two-drug combination pill dramatically reduced deaths among blacks with heart failure, a landmark finding that is expected to lead to government approval of the first medication marketed for a specific race. 
 The euro surged to an all time high of US$1.2987 Monday, putting pressure on Europe's largely export-driven economic recovery and prompting European Central Bank President Jean-Claude Trichet to call the rise "brutal" in an attempt to stem the tide. 
 Iran is expected to announce this week a full suspension of activities that can be used to make nuclear arms as part of a deal with European powers aimed at stymieing U.S. attempts to have it hauled before the U.N. Security Council, diplomats said Monday. 
 U.S. President George W. Bush wants to set aside differences between the United States and Europe, but plans no change of course in foreign policy, U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell was quoted as saying in comments released Monday. 
 A train carrying radioactive waste neared a disputed storage site in northern Germany on Monday, greeted by muted protests that were overshadowed by the death of an anti-nuclear demonstrator run over by the convoy in France. 
 It was more regal than most film premieres _ two dames and the queen were in attendance for Monday's event in London's Leicester Square. 
 A trial opened Monday over whether a warning sticker in suburban Atlanta biology textbooks that says evolution is "a theory, not a fact" violates the separation of church and state by promoting religion. 
 Key events leading to the expected assault on Fallujah: 
 The FBI is investigating the reported thefts of scores of propane cylinders in the Denver area _ a crime spree that has raised fears of a terrorist attack. 
 An Iraqi militant group responsible for killing and kidnapping foreigners called in a Web site posting Monday for its fighters to attack government buildings, embassies, major hotels and other targets in retaliation for the U.S.-led attack on Fallujah. 
 An inmate was killed accidentally when his head was crushed in a closing cell door, officials said Monday. 
 A British soldier from the Black Watch regiment was killed Monday in Iraq by a roadside bomb, the Ministry of Defense said. Two other soldiers were injured. 
 As the long-expected U.S. and Iraqi assault on Fallujah rolled forward Monday, Arab leaders were muted, urging caution as the Iraqi government sought to portray the offensive as a last resort to flush out militants impeding the country's road to stability. 
 Burt Reynolds sued a former girlfriend, alleging that she was threatening to falsely accuse him of abuse if he didn't pay millions of dollars in extortion. 
 Defeating the insurgents in Fallujah is critical in the battle for a free Iraq because "one part of the country cannot remain under the rule of assassins," Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Monday. 
 U.S. Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge met with his Mexican counterpart Monday, as Mexican Foreign Secretary Luis Ernesto Derbez said Mexico planned to push for a migration accord and reforms to U.S. immigration law. 
 Investors turned to profit-taking Monday, leaving stocks mixed after nearly two weeks of solid gains. Another drop in oil prices limited the market's losses. 
 Mahyar Monshipour retained his WBA super bantamweight boxing title when he stopped Thailand's Yoddamrong Sithyodthong in the sixth round on Monday. 
 FC Porto scored three second-half goals to beat visiting Sporting Lisbon 3-0 Monday and move into second place in the Portuguese league, one point behind leader Benfica after nine rounds. 
 Federal regulators are investigating more than a dozen major brokerage firms for possibly executing some stock trades in ways that favor the firms at the expense of their customers, people familiar with the matter said Monday. 
 Evander Holyfield broke camp Monday in Houston, heading toward New York and an uncertain future. 
 Mexican stocks closed lower Monday as investors took some profits after a recent string of record high closes. 
 The chief official in charge of organizing Haiti's elections resigned Monday amid an internal rift within the agency. 
 Crude-oil futures fell Monday, resuming a sell-off that began nearly two weeks ago amid fading supply worries. 
 Torrential rains that lashed Colombia in the past two months killed at least 12 people and destroyed 258 houses, authorities said Monday. 
 Militants attacked two churches with car bombs and set off blasts at a hospital, killing at least six people and injuring about 80 others, officials said, in explosions that shook the Iraqi capital as U.S. forces launched their offensive on Fallujah. 
 One of two men accused in the 1985 Air India bombings that claimed 331 lives was driven by ambition and revenge, a prosecutor told a Canadian court in his closing arguments Monday. 
 Australian snooker great Eddie Charlton kept up a heavy schedule of public appearances in recent weeks in spite of a serious medical condition, family members said. 
 A small plane crashed in a Detroit neighborhood Monday afternoon, setting at least two houses on fire. Witnesses said construction workers at the scene helped pull two people out of the wreckage of the aircraft. 
 Leaders of the six unions that make up Walt Disney World's largest union group were unable to find common ground at a meeting Monday and will present opposing recommendations to members when they vote on a contract later this week. 
 Beginning to put his team in place for his second term, President George W. Bush decided to keep Andy Card as White House chief of staff, retaining an unflappable veteran of the Reagan and first Bush presidencies. 
 A strong earthquake hit Taiwan late Monday night, shaking buildings in the capital, Taipei, for several seconds. No injuries or serious damage was immediately reported. 
 Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi insisted that uprooting extremists from Fallujah is the only way "to safeguard lives, elections and democracy in Iraq," rejecting Secretary-General Kofi Annan's warning against attacking the city, according to a letter obtained Monday by The Associated Press. 
 Conservative opponents of Sen. Arlen Specter's bid to become Senate Judiciary Committee chairman are flooding Republican committee members with calls demanding he be passed over. 
 Lawyers for terrorism defendant Zacarias Moussaoui asked Monday for further delays in bringing the case to trial while they appeal pretrial issues to the Supreme Court. 
 Drug maker Merck & Co. said that the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Justice Department are looking into the company's handling of Vioxx, the blockbuster arthritis drug it pulled off the market Sept. 30 after safety studies showed it increased the risk of heart attacks. 
 Caribbean leaders began talks Monday on a regional single market ahead of debate on whether to renew ties with Haiti's U.S.-backed interim government more than eight months after the ouster of President Jean-Bertrand Aristide. 
 Minnesota is the healthiest U.S. state, while Louisiana is the least healthy, a ranking it has held for 14 of the last 15 years of a national survey, officials said. 
 A Texas company is recalling approximately 84,500 pounds (38,025 kilograms) of canned turkey luncheon meat because it may have been underprocessed, the Agriculture Department said Monday. 
 Today is Tuesday, November 16, the 320th day of 2004. There are 45 days left in the year. 
 One is a center-right president and a close ally of the United States who is accused of being too soft on outlawed far-right paramilitary groups. The other is a leftist president who allegedly favors Marxist rebels and openly criticizes U.S policy. 
 The U.S. dollar was trading at 105.65 yen on the Tokyo foreign exchange market at 9 a.m. (0000 GMT) Tuesday, up 0.23 yen from late Monday. 
 Two top executives of scandal-tarred insurance firm Marsh Inc. have been ousted, the company said, the latest casualties of an industry probe by New York's attorney general. 
 The year wasn't all bad for Tiger Woods. 
 Loyalists massed outside the home of Ivory Coast's leader in a thousands-strong human shield, facing off against French armored vehicles in fear of an overthrow attempt as France clamps down on attacks in its one-time prize West African colony. 
 Global tourism is on the rebound as world travelers gain confidence from a long-awaited economic recovery and downgrade their fears over international terrorism and health scares, according to a report by a tourism industry group. 
 A lesbian couple who wed in Canada will learn Tuesday whether an Irish court will hear their case to have their union legally recognized in Ireland, where homosexuality itself was outlawed until a decade ago. 
 A murder trial got under way for a man who confessed to 13 slayings in the early 1980s but received a sentence that will release him from prison in two years. 
 Alexei Kovalev, Brad Richards and Nikolai Khabibulin became the latest NHL players to join a European team during the lockout, agreeing to play in Russia. 
 A Dutch filmmaker allegedly slain by an extremist is to be cremated Tuesday as a stunned nation questions the tolerance of its society amid a string of retaliatory attacks against its Muslim minority. 
 Already wounded by the withdrawal of its Vioxx pain reliever from the market, Merck & Co. must now contend with hundreds of lawsuits over the drug's side effects _ lawsuits that threaten to further damage the company's finances and reputation. 
 The elevator shafts at The Regent are still empty. The concrete floors of the half-built hotel are bare. Windows haven't been installed. 
 A wispy-bearded amputee from China rattles his shackles as he pleads his case before a three-member U.S. military review tribunal whose job it is to evaluate whether some 550 prisoners at this outpost are really enemy combatants. 
 Senators gave in to several House demands on compromise legislation dealing with the Sept. 11 commission's anti-terrorism recommendations, including keeping the intelligence budget secret, increasing border security forces and banning aliens who have been trained by terrorist groups. 
 Viacom argued that the $550,000 (euro425,795) proposed government fine for Janet Jackson's Super Bowl wardrobe malfunction was "entirely illogical." 
 A U.N. draft resolution calls for an arms embargo on Ivory Coast and a travel ban and asset freeze against those blocking peace, violating human rights, and preventing the disarmament of combatants. 
 The leader of Nicaragua's leftist Sandinista Front claimed Monday his party swept weekend mayoral elections, comparing the victory to the former rebels' July 19, 1979 revolutionary triumph. 
 United Nations investigators have arrived in Sudan to determine whether genocide took place in Darfur and investigate reports of human rights violations in the war-torn province, a U.N. spokesman said. 
 A radio station pulled a conservative talk radio show from the airwaves as Hispanics continued to protest its host and his use of a racial slur. 
 A Hong Kong coroner's court cleared hospital officials of responsibility in the deaths of six health care workers from SARS last year, a court official said. 
 International Monetary Fund Director Rodrigo Rato urged Mexico Monday to carry out structural reforms, saying such measures could boost the country's economic growth rate to as much as 6 percent annually. 
 After a decade as the dominant currency to buy everything from shampoo to canned food to furniture, the U.S. dollar was eliminated from circulation Monday in Cuba. 
 Argentine-born businessman Carlos Ahumada was ordered to stand trial Monday on charges of encouraging illicit conduct, in addition to the fraud and money laundering counts he already faces in Mexican courts. 
 A judge has ruled in favor of "NBC Nightly News" anchor Tom Brokaw in his attempt to keep an outfitter from bringing more big-game hunters on land bordering the newsman's ranch. 
 The bookkeeper for rap label Murder Inc. was indicted on money laundering charges by federal prosecutors who are probing ties between drug dealers and the home of such platinum-selling acts as Ja Rule and Ashanti. 
 In a sign of possible discord in the jury room, the judge in Scott Peterson's murder case lectured the panel about the importance of deliberating with an open mind. 
 A federal judge's ruling that sidetracked the Bush administration's plan to prosecute foreign enemy combatants is the latest in a string of legal defeats for the government. 
 Excerpts of opinion issued Monday in Washington by U.S. District Judge James Robertson in the case of Salim Ahmed Hamdan versus U.S. Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld: 
 A man was convicted by a judge on charges he deliberately exposed 17 women to HIV by having unprotected sex with them. Five of the women have tested positive for the virus, which causes AIDS. 
 Gold opened at US$431.55 an ounce on Tuesday in Hong Kong, down US$3.20 an ounce from Monday's close of US$434.75. 
 A Marine badly wounded in Iraq just days before his wife gave birth to quintuplets has been reunited with his family, a military official said. 
 The Kobe Bryant saga may be ending in Colorado. 
 Six-time Olympic champion Michael Phelps was arrested last week and charged with drunken driving. 
 Hong Kong police briefly shut the Israeli Consulate ahead of a visit by the country's foreign minister after an employee reported a suspicious package that turned out to be a clock, police said Tuesday. 
 A small plane crashed in a Detroit neighborhood after it clipped a utility pole, setting fire to two houses and injuring both people aboard the plane. 
 Colombian President Alvaro Uribe late Monday authorized the extradition to the United States of drug kingpin Gilberto Rodriguez Orejuela, practically assuring the powerful trafficker will soon face American justice, the president's spokesman said. 
 Palestinian leaders have arrived in France to check on the critically ill Yasser Arafat, but hospital officials said visiting rights were restricted _ setting the stage for a dramatic showdown between the delegation and the Palestinian leader's wife. 
 A U.S. federal court ruled Monday that Osama bin Laden's driver was entitled to a hearing on whether he is a prisoner of war _ a landmark opinion that could prevent military trials of alleged enemy combatants held at Guantanamo Bay. 
 Demarco McCullum still wears a number. 
 Churchill Downs, home of the Kentucky Derby, said it banned about a dozen jockeys from the rest of the fall meet after riders threatened to boycott upcoming races in a dispute over health insurance. 
 Tokyo stocks gained Tuesday morning as investors picked up selected high-technology issues. The U.S. dollar was up against the Japanese yen. 
 Big Blue has brought the title of the world's fastest supercomputer back to the United States for the first time in three years. 
 Crude futures stayed flat Tuesday as traders awaited mid-week U.S. oil inventory data. 
 Grammy-award winning rapper Murphy Lee was arrested after police pulled him over for an expired license plate and found marijuana in his Mercedes, authorities said. 
 A human rights leader warned that a rising number of Colombians are being driven from their homes by the civil war and said the government is giving more assistance to illegal fighters who demobilize than to the conflict's victims. 
 An Australian euthanasia advocate dubbed "Dr. Death" said Tuesday he will hold a seminar to teach people how to make a deadly tablet to take their own lives. 
 Heavy fog shrouding Shanghai was blamed for a pair of traffic accidents that killed 12 and injured 32, newspapers and the city government said Tuesday. 
 The U.N. watchdog overseeing a cease-fire on the divided Korean Peninsula relocated Tuesday from Seoul to the border between the two Koreas to better monitor increasing traffic between the former battlefield foes. 
 Standard Chartered bank plans to lay off 200 employees in Hong Kong, or about 5 percent of its work force in the territory, despite record profits in its largest market, the London-based company said Tuesday. 
 A French player with Vietnamese roots failed to impress soccer coaches in Vietnam and was not selected for the national squad ahead of the Southeast Asia Tiger Cup, an official said Tuesday. 
 Japanese negotiators traveled Tuesday to North Korea to discuss a dispute over the communist country's kidnapping of Japanese citizens in the 1970s and 1980s, as calls grow in Tokyo to use economic sanctions to push the talks forward. 
 Former presidential candidate Howard Dean is considering a bid to become chairman of the national Democratic Party. 
 Leaders of China and New Zealand are set to approve the start of talks on a free trade agreement when they meet at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Chile later this month, a senior official said Tuesday. 
 In the latest dispute over patents between Japanese and South Korean electronics giants, Toshiba has sued Hynix Semiconductor, alleging patent infringement in flash-memory chips, key components in digital cameras and mobile phones. 
 An Australian terror suspect's military lawyer said Tuesday he hopes his client can avoid a trial by a U.S. military commission after a ruling by a U.S. federal court. 
 A top Tamil Tiger rebel negotiator returned to Sri Lanka on Tuesday amid new efforts by Norwegian peace brokers to revive stalled peace talks and prevent the island from sliding back to war. 
 Residents angry that an Air National Guard F-16 strafed an intermediate school last week castigated the military, demanding it cease live-fire operations at a nearby target range. 
 A man accused of killing two people, including a German businessman, and wounding two others during a hotel shooting spree told authorities he didn't shoot a hostage because he had nearly run out of ammunition and wanted to use him as a bargaining chip, authorities said. 
 Shania Twain's "Forever and For Always" won country song of the year honors from the music licensing agency BMI. 
 The recently re-elected government of Prime Minister John Howard welcomed a positive report by the International Monetary Fund on Tuesday and vowed to continue its program of economic reform. 
 Former U.S. Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin warned that the dollar's recent decline could accelerate and interest rates could rise if politicians in Washington don't act quickly to narrow the federal budget deficit. 
 U.S. Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage held talks with Pakistani officials Tuesday on counterterrorism, efforts to rebuild Afghanistan and Iraq, and Pakistan's relations with India, Foreign Ministry officials said. 
 A federal appeals court threw out a deportation order against a Syrian family that claimed its father would be tortured if forced to return to his homeland. 
 Amazon.com said that its Web site experienced slowdowns for much of the day Monday but was running normally by evening. 
 Suspected Iraqi insurgents have demanded the release of Abu Ghraib prisoners and a huge ransom in exchange for the freedom of an American and a Filipino taken hostage last week in Baghdad, Philippine officials said Tuesday. 
 A senior Chinese official has warned opposition lawmakers against holding a referendum on full democracy in Hong Kong, saying they were "playing with fire," newspapers reported Tuesday. 
 Peyton Manning threw four touchdown passes and Mike Vanderjagt kicked a 35-yard field goal with 2 seconds left to give the Colts a 31-28 win over Minnesota on Monday night. The kick capped a late duel between Manning and Daunte Culpepper _ the two teams combined to score on five straight possessions after an unexpectedly low-scoring start between two offense-minded but relatively defenseless teams. 
 Police hunted the owner of an ecstasy factory Tuesday after seizing over 80,000 pills in Indonesia's biggest drug bust this year, an officer said. 
 Germany marks a subdued 15th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall on Tuesday, weighed down by high unemployment in the formerly communist east and a sense that in people's hearts the nation has not yet fully reunited. 
 A Mexican Senate commission approved the outlines for a somewhat more fiscally conservative 2005 federal budget Monday, cutting oil price projections back to US$23 per barrel, after the lower house of Congress approved a projected price estimate of US$27. 
 Vietnamese police arrested a senior executive at a state-owned construction company for alleged embezzlement as their investigation into a corruption scandal widened, state-controlled media reported Tuesday. 
 Militants threatening to kill three U.N. hostages were awaiting a government response Tuesday to their demand for a prisoner exchange, possibly involving Guantanamo inmates. 
 New Soccer Australia chief John O'Neill says the fledgling Oceania soccer confederation has a 70-30 chance of gaining a direct spot at the 2010 World Cup. 
 A fifth year of powerful economic growth in East Asia and the Pacific has driven the number of people living in poverty in the region to its lowest level ever, but the World Bank warned Tuesday that oil prices could dampen the boom next year. 
 A mosque leader convicted of lying about his past connections to terrorist groups asked a judge to postpone his prison sentence because of his wife's depression. 
 The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues closed at 10,964.87 points on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Tuesday, down 18.96 points, or 0.17 percent, from Monday. 
 Thousands of commuters and school children in Finland's capital region were forced to find alternative forms of transport when 1,300 bus drivers began a strike early Tuesday. 
 Actors Warren Beatty and Whoopi Goldberg paid tribute to Marlon Brando at a black-tie gala awards ceremony and benefit for the famed acting school where the late two-time Oscar winner once studied. 
 Farmers said Tuesday they are investigating alternatives to slicing flesh from live sheep to prevent them from becoming infested with flies, after animal advocates urged a boycott of Australian wool to protest the "grossly inhumane" practice. 
 Authorities in the northeastern Indian state of Manipur have imposed a curfew on areas bordering neighboring Myanmar to help soldiers combat heavily armed separatist rebels, officials said Tuesday. 
 In the latest dispute over patents between Japanese and South Korean electronics giants, Toshiba has sued Hynix Semiconductor, alleging patent infringement in flash-memory chips, key components in digital cameras and mobile phones. 
 An accountant for a science foundation run by China's Cabinet was sentenced to death Tuesday for embezzling more than 200 million yuan (US$25 million; euro 19 million), the government said. 
 Singapore's 81-year-old founding father Lee Kuan Yew wants to boost the island's retirement age, saying if he had to retire at 62, it would have been "a dead loss," local media reported Tuesday. 
 A sulfur dioxide gas leak from a chemical plant in central China sickened 108 people on Tuesday, the government said. 
 A top Tamil Tiger rebel negotiator returned to Sri Lanka on Tuesday amid new efforts by Norwegian peace brokers to revive stalled peace talks and prevent the island from sliding back to war. 
 A South Korean man who was arrested after he flew into Sydney Airport appeared in court Tuesday charged with murdering two of his countrymen almost eight years ago. 
 Several heavy explosions rocked central Baghdad Tuesday morning. 
 An Australian terror suspect may be able to avoid trial by a U.S. military commission now that a court in Washington has ruled that American authorities short-circuited the rights of another Guantanamo detainee, the suspect's lawyer said Tuesday. 
 Model Sarah O'Hare gave birth Tuesday to the first child of News Corp. executive Lachlan Murdoch, the couple announced in a brief statement. 
 Thousands of Cambodians on Tuesday celebrated the country's liberation from French rule more than half a century ago, with revelers waving flags or toting pictures of independence leader and former King Norodom Sihanouk. 
 Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. and United Microelectronics Corp., the world's two largest contract chipmakers, on Tuesday reported revenue declines in October. 
 India now has more mobile phones than land lines, but the industry that sells mobile service in the world's fastest-growing market complains of low revenues and high government levies. 
 South African President Thabo Mbeki left Tuesday for Ivory Coast on an emergency trip to try to help restore calm in the west African country, a spokesman said. 
 Agricultural credit cooperatives, China's main source of rural financing, issued 193.3 billion yuan (US$23.4 billion; euro 19.1 billion) in new farm loans in the first nine months of the year, up 27.8 percent from the same period a year earlier, the government reported. 
 A special envoy of Morocco's King Mohammed has asked Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe to mediate in the protracted dispute over the status of the former Spanish Sahara, plagued by decades of civil war. 
 The largest study ever done solely on black Americans with heart failure raises the controversial prospect of the first drug that might be marketed to a specific racial group. 
 Two bombs exploded in Laos near duty-free shops at the country's main border crossing with Thailand, a Thai official and residents said Tuesday. No one was injured. 
 Gold bullion opened Tuesday at a bid price of US$432.88 a troy ounce, down from US$433.40 late Monday. 
 An Indonesian court on Tuesday threw out a US$107.6 million lawsuit filed by militant Islamic cleric Abu Bakar Bashir against Time magazine for a 2002 article linking him to terrorism. 
 A shipment of nuclear waste arrived Tuesday at a disputed storage site in northern Germany, completing a journey that was marred by the death of an anti-nuclear protester in France. 
 Drug agents acting on a tip raided an area in a deserted mountainous region in southwestern Pakistan and seized 585 kilograms (1,290 pounds) of morphine, an official said Tuesday. 
 Iraq's deputy prime minister said Tuesday that up to 70 percent of Fallujah's civilian population had fled the city to escape the violence. 
 An explosion destroyed a car in southwest Moscow on Tuesday, killing at least one person, police said. 
 Australia delayed announcing its squad for the first cricket test against New Zealand next week and Kiwi skipper Stephen Fleming delayed his arrival in Sydney due to illness. 
 Gunmen identified as local police officers opened fire on a group of revelers returning from a weekend dance in central Mexico, killing seven people, including two children, in what authorities described as a case of mistaken identity. 
 A loud explosion was heard Tuesday in the northern Gaza Strip near the Israeli border, sending a large plume of smoke in the sky. 
 U.S. President George W. Bush will continue his "aggressive" foreign policy and will not hesitate to act alone, Secretary of State Colin Powell said in an interview published Tuesday. 
 Saudi police have killed a suspected militant and arrested three others in possession of weapons and ammunition as part of the ongoing crackdown on Islamic extremists in the kingdom, an Interior Ministry statement said Tuesday. 
 Austrian authorities said Tuesday they were trying to track down unknown culprits suspected of using insecticide to poison at least six puppies in the Salzburg area, killing two of the dogs. 
 Gold closed at US$433.35 an ounce on Tuesday in Hong Kong, down US$1.40 an ounce from Monday's close of US$434.75. 
 Isolated to scattered showers and thunderstorms will affect Western Sahara and Morocco on Wednesday including northern Algeria, Tunisia and coastal Libya. 
 Militants using Kalashnikov rifles and rocket-propelled grenades stormed two police stations Tuesday near the central Iraqi town of Baqouba, wounding 18 people, police and hospital officials said. 
 At least four major explosions rocked central Baghdad Tuesday, as smoke rose above the fortified Green Zone. 
 Two Iraqi construction workers were killed and four others injured when a car bomb detonated Tuesday near an Iraqi army camp in northern Iraq, Iraqi officials said. 
 Britons are increasingly disenchanted with the war in Iraq, with less than a third now believing the invasion was a good idea, according to an opinion poll published Tuesday. 
 Moises Alou figures he's still got a couple of productive seasons left and wants to finish his career on a high note. 
 Heavy fog shrouding Shanghai was blamed for a pair of traffic accidents that killed 12 and injured 32, newspapers and the city government said Tuesday. 
 Real Madrid is set to announce it has secured first option on the signing of young Brazilian forward Robinho from Santos, news reports said Tuesday. 
 Former U.S. Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin warned that the dollar's recent decline could accelerate and interest rates could rise if politicians in Washington don't act quickly to narrow the federal budget deficit. 
 Suspected Iraqi insurgents have demanded the release of Abu Ghraib prisoners and a huge ransom in exchange for the freedom of an American and a Filipino taken hostage last week in Baghdad, Philippine officials said Tuesday. 
 Suspected Islamic rebels launched a pre-dawn attack Tuesday on a politician's house in India's Jammu-Kashmir state, killing a policeman and a neighbor, police said. 
 Chinese regulators have uncovered billions of dollars in illicit foreign currency holdings, much of it brought in by speculators betting on a rise in the value of the Chinese currency, state media said Tuesday. 
 The scientist who discovered the SARS virus warned Tuesday the world is ill-equipped to deal with the next flu pandemic because countries are focusing too much on bioterrorism instead of new infectious diseases. 
 China expressed concern Tuesday over violence in Iraq as American military units attacked the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah. 
 The U.S. and Swedish governments launched a euro15.4 million (US$20 million) program Tuesday to help improve Bosnia's local governance, a statement said. 
 Nokia Corp., the world's largest mobile phone maker, plans to shut down its Florida phone refurbishing plant by September 2005 and cut 400 jobs. 
 Center Tony Marsh and second rower Jerome Thion were selected Tuesday for France's team to face Australia in an upcoming rugby union test match. 
 Italian Premier Silvio Berlusconi faced a tricky meeting with coalition allies Tuesday night as he seeks to name a new foreign minister and win support for disputed tax cut plans. 
 The Shanghai Stock Exchange has chosen management and technology consulting firm Accenture to take charge of a major upgrade of the computer systems powering China's biggest stock market, officials said Tuesday. 
 The mother of three young children whose deaths are being investigated should be allowed to keep her only remaining child, her lawyer told a Melbourne court Tuesday. 
 Sri Lanka's Tamil Tiger rebels have recruited more than 3,500 child soldiers since signing a cease-fire with the government in 2002, despite pledges to stop the practice, an international human rights group said. 
 Asian stock markets closed mostly higher Tuesday, but prices slipped both in Tokyo and Hong Kong on profit-taking. 
 The son of Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi _ who is tipped be the country's next head of state _ arrived in Indonesia Tuesday to meet the country's leaders and hand out food packages to needy Muslims. 
 Suspected rebels set off a powerful bomb in the Nepalese capital on Tuesday, wounding at least 38 people, police said. 
 The European Union's Court of Justice ruled Tuesday that a British bookmaker and three other European pools operators acted within the law when they used schedules of horse races and soccer games for their businesses without paying a license fee to the companies that compiled the game databases. 
 Newcastle manager Graeme Souness was charged with improper conduct by the Football Association after he was sent off during Sunday's 4-1 loss to Fulham. 
 French doctors treating Yasser Arafat confirmed for the first time Tuesday that he was in a coma and said his condition had deteriorated. 
 A freshman geology student on a field trip stumbled across the fossil of an oversized, salamander-like creature with vicious crocodile-like teeth that lived about 300 million years ago, paleontologists said. 
 Victims and businesses affected by the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks have received US$38.1 billion (euro29.5 billion), according to a new study that questions whether the payouts were fair to all victims. 
 THE DISCOVERY: A University of Pittsburgh geology student on a field trip stumbles across the fossil of an oversized, salamander-like creature that lived about 300 million years ago. 
 Latvia denied Tuesday a report that the country's law enforcement agencies had detained Islamic extremists suspected of plotting a terrorist attack in the small Baltic country last week. 
 The head of Britain's postal service outlined plans Tuesday to raise prices in line with counterparts in other parts of Europe. 
 The European Union has asked the World Trade Organization to condemn U.S. antidumping duties that have hit a British steel firm, EU officials said Tuesday. 
 An anthrax outbreak has killed 194 hippos in western Uganda, wildlife officials said Tuesday, and scientists are struggling to develop a way to quickly diagnose and contain the disease. 
 The governing Labor Party and the main opposition Conservatives each received more than 3 million pounds (US$5.4 million, euro4.5 million) in donations in the third quarter of this year, Britain's Electoral Commission said Tuesday. 
 The Herminator is a hot seller _ but not as hot as the Terminator. 
 NATO completed a monthlong rehearsal to demonstrate how fast the alliance can deploy forces from outside Bosnia in the case of a crisis, officials said Tuesday. 
 Honda Motor Co. is investing 28 billion yen (US$265 million; euro 205 million) to build its fourth factory in China, part of the Japanese automaker's plan to nearly double annual production capacity in the country by 2006. 
 Slovenia has asked the United States to extradite a man charged here with fraud, the Justice Ministry said Tuesday. 
 Turkmenistan's president has urged government officials to make the Central Asian nation's upcoming parliamentary elections a step toward democracy. 
 The Georgian parliament on Tuesday approved the deployment of 300 soldiers to Iraq, almost tripling the number of Georgian troops to serve in the U.S.-led coalition. 
 The bodies of five seamen were found Tuesday in the Sea of Japan off Russia's Far East coast, rescuers said, a week after two ships disappeared in a storm. 
 A top Kremlin envoy pushed for a special relationship with the European Union, saying Tuesday that the EU's vision for a new partnership along the lines of ties with its other neighbors doesn't suit Russia. 
 Five U.S. troops were wounded when Marines shot at and destroyed two suspected car bombs in the insurgent-heavy city of Ramadi, killing seven insurgents, the U.S. military said Tuesday. 
 Iraqi authorities imposed a nighttime curfew on Baghdad and surrounding areas Tuesday under powers granted by an emergency decree announced last weekend, Prime Minister Ayad Allawi's office announced. 
 A fire that broke out Tuesday aboard a ship being repaired killed four workers in Croatia, police said. 
 Two of three U.N. workers kidnapped in Afghanistan have called home to say they are OK, officials and relatives said Tuesday, and one hostage said she expected to be released soon. 
 An Air Polonia plane flying to Belgium from Warsaw was diverted to Brussels international airport Tuesday after a bomb scare, but no explosive devices were found onboard, police said. 
 Arsonists attempted to burn down two Dutch Protestant churches overnight in apparent retaliatory attacks for the bombing of a Muslim school a day earlier, police said Tuesday. 
 Karel Poborsky and Milan Baros were back in the Czech national team squad announced Tuesday by coach Karel Bruckner for the side's World Cup 2006 qualifying against Macedonia. 
 German finance professionals grew sharply more pessimistic about the country's economic growth outlook, fearing that the euro's record highs against the U.S. dollar will weigh on exports, a monthly survey showed Tuesday. 
 Jolted by the carnage of the Madrid train bombings and the horrific cross-border rape and killing spree of a French pedophile, EU states are coming together on an ambitious new vision for policing Europe. It involves joint investigation teams and the sharing of hitherto jealously guarded criminal records and crime-fighting technology. 
 Finland and Bulgaria on Tuesday welcomed the possible opening of EU accession talks for Turkey, but stressed that the country must meet all membership requirements before being accepted into the 25-member bloc. 
 More than 98 percent of British beaches and bathing spots met European water quality standards, despite an increase in pollution caused by heavy summer rain, a government agency said Tuesday. 
 An Uzbek opposition party has urged U.S. President George W. Bush to take a tougher stance on Uzbekistan's poor human rights record and stifling of dissent. 
 French bank Societe Generale SA on Tuesday posted a 10.3 percent increase in third-quarter net profit, boosted by higher revenues from international retail banking and a better-than-expected result at its corporate investment banking operations. 
 The European Commission said Tuesday "all options remain open" in its review of Italy's proposed rescue plan of ailing national carrier Alitalia SpA. 
 Euro Disney SCA posted a wider loss Tuesday for the 2004 fiscal year as the theme park and hotel operator resumed royalty payments to The Walt Disney Co. and incurred heavier operating costs. 
 A senior Iraqi official warned Tuesday that instability in Iraq would plunge the entire region into "endless chaos" and called on neighboring countries to cooperate in establishing security. 
 Mark Regan has became the eighth member of England's World Cup-winning rugby squad to retire from international play. 
 Suspected Islamic militants beheaded a Buddhist laborer in Thailand's tumultuous south, the second such killing in retaliation for the deaths of 85 Muslims at the hands of security forces last month, police said Tuesday. 
 Hungary won't be able to adopt the euro at its current target date of 2010 unless stricter economic policies are introduced, the head of the central bank said Tuesday. 
 India released 25 Pakistanis on Tuesday who were jailed for illegal entry and smuggling, an official said. 
 Vivendi Universal SA said revenue fell 20 percent in the third quarter largely because of the sale of its entertainment assets to General Electric Co.'s NBC. 
 Two-time world champion Carlos Sainz was taken to hospital for observation after crashing his Citroen during practice for the Rally Australia on Tuesday. 
 Hundreds of armed insurgents took up positions Tuesday in the center of Ramadi as U.S. troops were advancing through the nearby guerrilla sanctuary of Fallujah. 
 British police claimed Tuesday to have smashed an international prostitution ring after arresting four people on suspicion of smuggling Lithuanian women for exploitation. 
 David Beckman should be ready to play this weekend for Real Madrid after missing a month with two cracked ribs. 
 The European Union's head office on Tuesday echoed comments by the European Central Bank chief, warning that "excessive volatility" of the euro's exchange rate against the U.S. dollar could damage economic growth in Europe. 
 Police in southern Italy have arrested a former lawmaker from Premier Silvio Berlusconi's Forza Italia party for allegedly seeking to influence magistrates to further mob interests, news reports said Tuesday. 
 David Beckham should be ready to play this weekend for Real Madrid after missing a month with two cracked ribs. 
 Banking group Lloyds TSB said Tuesday it will transfer about 1,000 British jobs to India by the end of next year. 
 Serbia's government is "doing everything" to persuade war crimes suspects to surrender to the U.N. war crimes tribunal, the republic's justice minister said Tuesday. 
 A teenage Palestinian suicide bomber who killed himself and three Israelis in a Tel Aviv market had initially planned to attack the city's French Embassy, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's office said in a statement Tuesday. 
 Troubled British retailer Marks & Spencer Group PLC announced a management shakeup Tuesday as it reported lower profits in the six months ending Oct. 2. 
 In a continuing crackdown on piracy, Bulgarian customs authorities destroyed 126,000 counterfeit compact discs, DVDs and videos with movies, music and computer software on Tuesday. 
 Facing a seven-month ban after testing positive for cocaine, former Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu apologized Tuesday and said he hoped to stay clean and be an "example for youths." 
 Deadly violence in Ivory Coast has shut down cocoa exports in the world's largest producer, closing ports that ship more than 40 percent of the world's raw material for chocolate, cocoa traders said Tuesday. 
 Britain's top family law judge has no time for Batman and Robin. 
 Japanese negotiators were in North Korea on Tuesday to discuss a dispute over Japanese citizens abducted by the communist nation's spies decades ago, as calls grow in Tokyo to use economic sanctions to push the talks forward. 
 The Greek government denied Tuesday that its decision to delay a deal with Macedonia allowing thousands of seasonal workers into Greece was taken as a reprisal following its neighbor's full recognition by the United States. 
 A lesbian couple who wed in Canada can seek to have their union legally recognized in Ireland, a judge ruled Tuesday in a case he predicted would have deep consequences for this predominantly Catholic country. 
 Pakistani helicopter gunships and troops on the ground battled Islamic militants Tuesday near the Afghan border, leaving six of the fighters and three soldiers dead, the army and intelligence officials said. 
 Spanish police have arrested two more Algerians suspected of ties to a radical Islamic cell that allegedly plotted to blow up the center of Spain's anti-terror investigations, court officials said Tuesday. 
 Hard-hitting Sri Lankan batsman and wicketkeeper Romesh Kaluwitharana announced his retirement Tuesday, ending a nearly 14-year career in international cricket. 
 Germany's main Jewish leader broke ground Tuesday for a new synagogue to replace one burned down in the Nazis' Kristallnacht pogrom on the same day 66 years earlier. 
 Infineon Technologies AG posted a 10 percent drop in net profit for the fourth quarter after taking large charges to cover potential civil claims from U.S. and European antitrust actions, the company said Tuesday. 
 Emlyn Hughes, the former England and Liverpool captain who was one of the greatest English soccer players of his generation, died Tuesday of a brain tumor. He was 57. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair's government said Tuesday it was important to bolster the Palestinian Authority's security apparatus, to ensure Israel's planned withdrawal from Gaza did not create a power vacuum. 
 Iraq's interim prime minister called Tuesday on gunmen in Fallujah to lay down their arms to spare the city from further attacks, his spokesman said. 
 A final appeal to keep the convicted killer of Foreign Minister Anna Lindh in prison instead of psychiatric care will be heard this week by the Swedish Supreme Court and, ultimately, bring closure to a country still grieving the loss of one of its most popular politicians. 
 Judicial authorities on Tuesday released 10 leading members of the banned Muslim Brotherhood group who had served three years prison sentences for belonging to an outlawed organization, a human rights center and a leading member of the group said. 
 Argentina defender Juan Pablo Sorin says the chance to team up with midfielder Juan Roman Riquelme influenced his decision to join Villarreal. 
 Janez Jansa, whose center-right party won elections last month, promised Tuesday to maintain Slovenia's pro-Western course and make its economy more competitive in Europe as he sought support to become the new prime minister. 
 Yasser Arafat is in a "very difficult and serious" situation, the Palestinian foreign minister said Tuesday after he and other officials met their critically ill leader's doctors. 
 Despite being a global hub for information technology work, India has the world's largest number of adults who are unable to read or write, a United Nations report said Tuesday. 
 Norway's most successful soccer club, Rosenborg, named Per Joar Hansen as its new head coach Tuesday. 
 A referendum on Bulgaria's EU membership might be scheduled for mid-2005 to coincide with the parliamentary elections in the country, a senior official said Tuesday. 
 The Vatican restated the Catholic Church's prohibition of euthanasia Tuesday, as officials promoted use of painkilling drugs to help dying patients live out their days to a "natural end." 
 Portuguese President Jorge Sampaio and his Italian counterpart Carlo Azeglio Ciampi called Tuesday for the European Union to accelerate integration and boost its profile worldwide. 
 Iraqi authorities imposed the first nighttime curfew in more than a year on Baghdad and surrounding areas Tuesday in the latest use of new emergency powers, the prime minister's office said. 
 A handcuffed burglary suspect escaped from police custody at his home in Puerto Rico after asking an officer if he could turn off his stove, officials said Tuesday. 
 Thousands of Congolese troops backed by U.N. peacekeepers were taking up new positions in lawless east Congo on Tuesday, part of drive to stabilize the area and disarm former Rwandan rebels there. 
 Forward Jonny O'Connor will make his international debut Saturday as Ireland's rugby team attempts to beat South Africa for the first time since 1965. 
 A senior Palestinian official who is also Yasser Arafat's nephew said Tuesday that the Palestinian leader is still alive. 
 Republican Senator Lincoln Chafee, who flirted with changing political parties in the wake of President George W. Bush's re-election victory, says he will stay in the Republican party. 
 Copper mines in mineral-rich Zambia appear to have recovered from a slump two years ago and are expected to reach record levels of 400,000 tons this year, the Central Bank governor said Tuesday. 
 DHL express delivery service is moving its intercontinental hub from Belgium to Leipzig, Germany, a decision made after Belgian authorities refused to allow increased night flights over the country's capital, DHL's parent company said Tuesday. 
 Albania's Prime Minister Fatos Nano on Tuesday denied a lawmaker's accusations that he was involved in arms trafficking in Kosovo. 
 Actors Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston spent four days in Ethiopia to learn more about AIDS in Africa as part of a fundraising campaign to combat the disease on the world's poorest continent, a spokesman said Tuesday. 
 U.S. Army and Marine units pushed through the center of the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah on Tuesday, fighting bands of guerrillas in the streets and conducting house-to-house searches on the second day of a major offensive to retake the city from Islamic militants. 
 South Africa rugby coach Jake White made one change to his starting lineup for Saturday's match against Ireland at Lansdowne Road. 
 Britain has no "magic solution" for a worsening situation in Zimbabwe, said a Foreign Office minister who came under pressure Tuesday in Parliament to take firmer action. 
 Slobodan Milosevic's trial resumed Tuesday at the Yugoslav war crimes tribunal with the court hearing a British lawyer's request to be dismissed as a standby attorney for the former Yugoslav president. 
 Pakistani authorities arrested 78 people in southwestern Baluchistan province who wanted to enter Iran illegally, officials said Tuesday. 
 The United States and Europe are not planning to send heads of states to a funeral for the ailing Yasser Arafat, but rather high-level Cabinet ministers or diplomats, diplomats said Tuesday. 
 Money-losing French newspaper Le Monde declined to comment Tuesday on a report that it is seeking a European partner to acquire up to a quarter of the respected daily. 
 Oil exports from Russia _ the world's second-largest oil producer _ may decrease within two years, a top Russian oil industry expert warned Tuesday. 
 A firefighter killed last week after a fireworks factory in western Denmark caught fire was buried Tuesday nearly a week after the biggest blaze in the country's recent history. 
 Scottish soccer fans won't see Sweden's three biggest stars in action when the two teams square off in a friendly in Glasgow next week. 
 If Fiorentina beats hated rival Juventus on Wednesday, it will make history and give three players reason to gloat. 
 An influential group of Sunni Muslim clerics called Tuesday for a boycott of national elections set for late January to protest the U.S.-led attack against the Sunni insurgent stronghold Fallujah. 
 The patriarch lay dying. The anguished wife said a plot to push him aside and grab power was brewing among his lieutenants _ who in turn accused her of not knowing her place. And it's all playing out on television like one of those melodramatic soaps with which Arabs divert themselves at night after days of Ramadan fasting. 
 The government on Tuesday extended the mandate for Austria's troops in Kosovo and Bosnia to the end of 2005. 
 New York Islanders right wing Trent Hunter has signed to play with Swedish club Nykoping during the NHL lockout, the club said Tuesday. 
 Latvian Culture Ministry officials said Tuesday they hoped to reopen one of the country's most treasured landmarks, the Dome Cathedral in Riga, by mid-December _ six months after engineers said it was in danger of collapsing. 
 Israeli troops shot and killed two Palestinians who entered an unauthorized area in the Gaza Strip near the Israeli border early Tuesday, the army and Palestinian officials said. 
 The 50 nominees for France Football magazine's prestigious "Golden Ball" award for European player of the year (in alphabetical order): 
 When city officials demanded that Bobby Shriver trim the hedges around his posh home or face misdemeanor charges, the outraged Kennedy nephew did what came naturally _ he jumped into politics. 
 Actor Brad Pitt spent four days in Ethiopia to learn more about AIDS in Africa as part of a fund-raising campaign to combat the disease on the world's poorest continent, a spokesman said Tuesday. 
 Greek Premier Costas Caramanlis will pay an official to visit to Egypt on Nov. 26-28, the government said Tuesday. 
 The United States and Europe are not planning to send heads of states to a funeral for the ailing Yasser Arafat, but rather Cabinet ministers or diplomats, diplomats said Tuesday. 
 A mortar attack Tuesday on a U.S. base in northern Iraq killed two American soldiers, the U.S. military said. 
 A Turkish soldier and two leftist militants were killed Tuesday in clashes in southeastern Turkey, officials said. 
 Hungary's Catholic bishops on Tuesday asked teachers and students at Catholic schools to pray for the government not to cut subsidies for their education. 
 A drunk driving accident is not a "crime of violence" allowing the U.S. government to deport a permanent resident, the Supreme Court ruled Tuesday in the first of three cases this term delineating the rights of immigrants. 
 A court convicted four former East German border guards Tuesday as accessories to murder in the deaths of citizens trying to flee to West Germany. 
 West Bromwich Albion named former player Bryan Robson as its new manager on Tuesday, two weeks after dismissing Gary Megson. 
 The latest crime statistics in Rwanda show a spike in the number of child molestation cases in the country, with 1,335 girls reporting rapes so far this year, the deputy police commissioner said Tuesday. 
 A top Islamic cleric said Tuesday he was rushing to Yasser Arafat's bedside at the request of Palestinian officials. 
 Slovakia will upgrade its fleet of Russian-made combat aircraft to meet NATO standards, an official said Tuesday. 
 Several heavy explosions hit central Baghdad Tuesday after nightfall. 
 The U.N. refugee agency and the international Red Cross expressed grave concern about the plight of tens of thousands of people fleeing fighting between insurgents and U.S. troops in the Iraqi city of Fallujah. 
 Authorities on Tuesday detained dozens of immigrants who crossed into the country illegally from neighboring Turkey. 
 Crude futures slipped below US$48 Tuesday as traders awaited U.S. oil inventory data, but analysts said the market fundamentals were pointing to higher prices in the coming weeks. 
 Harmony Gold Mining Co. Ltd. accused Gold Fields Ltd. directors of mismanaging their South African assets, in a report Tuesday aimed at demonstrating to shareholders the value of Harmony's hostile takeover bid. 
 Brazilian police arrested two mayors as part of an ongoing investigation into bid rigging for public construction projects, authorities said Tuesday. 
 The intense U.S.-led assault on Fallujah could undermine Iraq's upcoming elections, the Russian Foreign Ministry warned Tuesday, and the United Nations' refugee agency expressed strong concern about the tens of thousands of civilians who have fled the besieged city. 
 Santos striker Robinho, reportedly destined for Real Madrid, denied Tuesday that extortion or revenge was behind the abduction of his mother and said the family was negotiating for her return. 
 American planes taking off from the USS John F. Kennedy aircraft carrier in the Gulf are targeting insurgents in the Iraqi city of Fallujah and jamming their communications, aiding U.S. Army soldiers and Marines engaged in street combat far below. 
 Al-Qaida leaders recruited the three Hamburg-based suicide hijackers for the Sept. 11 plot when they visited Afghanistan at the end of 1999, Germany's domestic intelligence chief testified Tuesday at the retrial of an alleged terror cell member. 
 A lawyer accused of conspiring to help terrorists testified at her trial that she believes only violence and a "popular revolution" can combat the evils of capitalism in the United States. 
 Five U.S. senators and their wives landed in four helicopters at this sprawling U.S. base in Kosovo Tuesday to dine with U.S. peacekeepers and thank them for their work in the U.N.-run province. 
 The international volleyball federation Tuesday chastised organizers of the 2008 Beijing Olympics over plans to change the venue of the beach volleyball tournament at the games. 
 World Cup center Tony Marsh and lock Jerome Thion were recalled by France to face Australia in Paris on Saturday. 
 Yasser Arafat is suffering from brain hemorrhage, a top aide told reporters at the Palestinian leader's headquarters Tuesday. 
 A Rastafarian has been appointed to a senior government post for the first time in Barbados' history, officials said Tuesday. 
 The chairman OAO Yukos, Russia's largest oil producer, said core shareholders in the company could sell their controlling stake, a Russian newspaper reported Tuesday, suggesting Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi as a possible buyer. 
 A man who was wrongly arrested during a massive police crackdown against crime in 2003 has won a compensation claim against the authorities, a human rights group said Tuesday. 
 Mourners gathered Tuesday for the funeral of filmmaker Theo van Gogh, whose murder last week _ allegedly by Islamic extremists _ has triggered a wave of attacks on Protestant churches and Muslim mosques. 
 Austrian authorities on Tuesday raised the wreckage of a boat that struck a barge and sank in the Danube River last week, but officials said it did not contain the bodies of four passengers who are missing and presumed dead. 
 Japan's Sanyo Electric Co. said Tuesday it would spend some 4.5 billion forints (US$23.3 million, euro18 million) to build two new factories in Hungary. 
 Spain named Anabel Medina, Marta Marrero, Maria Antonia Sanchez-Lorenzo and Virginia Ruano on Tuesday as the team to play France in the semifinal of the Fed Cup later this month in Moscow. 
 Juan Carlos Ferrero, Carlos Moya, Rafael Nadal and Tommy Robredo will make up the Spanish side that takes on the United States in the Davis Cup final next month, the captains of the Spanish team said Tuesday 
 U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell said Tuesday that President George W. Bush will place a high priority in his second term on granting legal status to millions of migrants who live illegally in the United States. 
 The race for this year's prestigious Golden Ball trophy is wide open with Manchester United's Ruud van Nistelrooy battling a host of Brazilian stars and new face Wayne Rooney to be named European player of the year in the award presented by France Football magazine. 
 The body of the 29-year-old wife of a lighthouse keeper on a remote Croatian island was found Tuesday, two days after she fell off a 90-meter (295-foot) cliff. 
 Janez Jansa, whose center-right party won elections last month, became Slovenia's new prime minister on Tuesday. 
 Royal Caribbean cruise ships will once again dock in St. Croix later this month, but only as an overnight refueling stop, officials said Tuesday. 
 Former Wimbledon champion Conchita Martinez was again left out of Spain's Fed Cup team to play France in the semifinals in Moscow this month. 
 Sudan said Tuesday it will cooperate fully with a United Nations team investigating genocide and human rights violation claims in the volatile Darfur region. Rebels and Sudanese authorities signed accords meant to end hostilities and guarantee aid access to more than 1.6 million people displaced by the 21-month conflict. 
 Share prices on the London Stock Exchange closed marginally higher on Tuesday. 
 Gunmen on Tuesday fatally shot a provincial council member in central Iraq as he was breaking his fast in a restaurant, police and hospital officials said. 
 Stocks dipped in cautious trading Tuesday ahead of a Federal Reserve meeting on interest rates. Investors were also uneasy following news that the troubled insurance brokerage Marsh & McLennan Cos. would cut 3,000 jobs as it deals with a regulatory probe. 
 A correctional services official has been arrested in connection with the weekend shooting of four people at a maximum security prison, news reports said Tuesday. 
 Manchester City striker Robbie Fowler has escaped punishment from the Football Association over rude gestures he allegedly made to Manchester United fans. 
 Madonna has some advice for U.S. President George W. Bush: Get out of Iraq. 
 The newly appointed commander of Iraqi troops fighting alongside U.S. forces in Fallujah promised that his soldiers _ and not the Americans _ would be the ones to secure sensitive sites in the insurgent-controlled city. 
 Palestinian leaders decided Tuesday they would seek to have Yasser Arafat buried at his West Bank headquarters, the deputy speaker of the Palestinian parliament told The Associated Press. 
 Germany marked the 15th anniversary Tuesday of the fall of the Berlin Wall with reminders of the joy that swept the nation _ and worries about the east-west economic gap that time and money haven't bridged. 
 The High Court on Tuesday blocked the extradition of a British man wanted by the Portuguese government to stand trial on charges of passing counterfeit currency six years ago. 
 Some 226 species of birds are at risk in Europe, a dire warning about the general state of the environment, a conservation group said Tuesday. 
 A top European Union official on Tuesday hailed a decision by most Macedonians to stay away from a weekend referendum that could have canceled a new law granting more rights to minority ethnic Albanians. 
 The chief organizer of the Turin 2006 Winter Olympics may not be quitting after all. 
 Bryan Robson is returning to West Bromwich Albion after a 23-year absence. 
 The 2008 European Championship is back on track, UEFA President Lennart Johansson said Tuesday as he signed an agreement with the tournament's two organizers, the Austrian and the Swiss soccer federations. 
 Thousands of American, Afghan and Pakistani soldiers are hunting for Osama bin Laden and "sooner or later we will get him," a visiting senior U.S. envoy said Tuesday during a visit to this key ally in the U.S.-led war on terror. 
 A suspected terrorist network believed responsible for the killing of Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh had access to confidential secret service intelligence, the NRC Handelsblad newspaper reported Tuesday. 
 Bolton midfielder Khalilou Fadiga returned to training Tuesday, eleven days after undergoing surgery to treat a heart problem. 
 Spain on Tuesday sent a military plane to evacuate Spaniards wishing to leave the Ivory Coast, officials said. 
 European exporters learned a harsh lesson when the weak U.S. dollar of the early 1990s priced their products out of the American market. Now, with the dollar back in a nosedive, companies are again worried about threats to their earnings and officials are nervous about Europe's fragile, export-driven economic recovery. 
 Yasser Arafat's major organs are still functioning, Palestinian Foreign Minister Nabil Shaath said Tuesday, ruling out any suggestion of removing the Palestinian leader from life support. 
 Shackled in front of a three-member panel under an American flag tacked to the walls of a trailer, Guantanamo detainees continued to go before tribunals Tuesday despite a landmark ruling that could halt the review proceedings and future trials. 
 Jordan's leading Islamic cleric appealed to Muslims worldwide Tuesday to reject religious extremism, saying some who claim to be followers of the faith are committing "criminal" acts in its name. 
 Bank of New York Co. on Tuesday said regulators are looking into mutual-fund transactions that were cleared by the company's Pershing LLC unit. 
 New Zealand named prop Saimone Taumoepeau and center Conrad Smith to make their debut and three more newcomers on the bench for Saturday's rugby union test against Italy. 
 Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez arrived in this Caribbean city Tuesday for talks with his Colombian counterpart Alvaro Uribe aimed at curbing the flow of arms and drugs across their common border and setting up a joint energy project. 
 As Christmas approaches, Mexican thoughts turn to nutty sweets and neighborhood celebrations, toy-bearing wise men _ and the Douglas fir twig weevil. 
 Microsoft Corp. shareholders on Tuesday approved changes to the company's stock compensation plans, clearing the way for the software giant to award a one-time, $3-per-share dividend that will cost the company an estimated $32 billion (euro24.79 billion). 
 The United States doubts Iran's good faith in talks with three European powers trying to persuade the country to suspend activities that can help make nuclear arms, a senior U.S. official said Tuesday. 
 Former U.S. Vice President Al Gore was Tuesday named chairman of Generation Investment Management, a new London-based fund management firm that plans to create environment-friendly portfolios. 
 Ethnic Armenian forces must withdraw from the disputed enclave of Nagorno-Karabakh before Azerbaijan signs a peace agreement with Armenia to resolve nearly a decade of tense relations, Azerbaijan's president said Tuesday. 
 Cross country skiing's World Cup premiere in Ostersund next week is in jeopardy because the weather might be too warm for even artificial snow. 
 The French government on Tuesday announced a euro1.2 billion (US$1.55 billion) contract for the production of nuclear missiles by European Aerospace and Defense Co. 
 Chelsea captain John Terry signed a new five-year contract at Stamford Bridge on Tuesday, keeping him at the club until 2009, news reports said. 
 Houston Astros pitcher Roger Clemens easily won his record seventh Cy Young Award after putting off retirement and being about as dominant as ever _ even at age 42. 
 The British and French Formula One races will be on the calendar next season after team directors reached a deal Tuesday with F1 chief executive Bernie Ecclestone. 
 The Dominican peso strengthened against the U.S. dollar Tuesday to its highest level in 18 months, a change Central Bank officials said was a sign the economy was recovering. 
 On a continent that absorbs 75 percent of the world's U.N. peacekeeping forces and budgets, and 75 percent of the U.N. Security Council's time, Ivory Coast's violent downward spiral threatens hard-won gains achieved after West Africa's devastating civil wars of the 1990s. 
 Baghdad's international airport was closed to all traffic Tuesday after a shoulder-fired missile was first at a transport plane, U.S. officials said. 
 Iraqi Foreign Minister Hoshyar Zebari said Tuesday U.S. and Iraqi forces are achieving their goals in Fallujah, promising that military operations will not last long. 
 A Sunni Muslim official asked interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi on Tuesday for a five-hour halt in the fighting in Fallujah to transport the injured out of the city. 
 2004 _ Roger Clemens, Houston 
 A man demanding media attention took a female employee hostage at the Mexican Consulate in Los Angeles Tuesday before he was wounded by police outside the building. The hostage escaped unharmed. 
 A major Sunni political party has quit the interim Iraqi government in protest over the U.S. assault on the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah, the party's leader said Tuesday. 
 Three Jordanian truck drivers kidnapped in Iraq last week returned home Tuesday after being released, a government official said. 
 The state's insurance commissioner gave his blessing Tuesday to a $16.4 billion (euro12.7 billion) merger that would create the largest health insurance company in the United States after wringing hundreds of millions of dollars out of the companies. 
 Finance Minister Benjamin Netanyahu announced Tuesday he has withdrawn his threat to resign over his premier's plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip and part of the West Bank. 
 President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva placed a large swath of rainforest under government protection Tuesday, creating two new environmental reserves in the Amazon. 
 Liberty Media Corp., which recently acquired the right to nearly double its stake in Rupert Murdoch's News Corp., has "no hostile intentions" toward the company, Chief Executive Robert Bennett said Tuesday. 
 Hundreds of protesters ransacked and occupied the regional administration building in a southern Russian province Tuesday, demanding the resignation of the region's president, whose former son-in-law has been linked to a multiple slaying. 
 Mexican broadcaster TV Azteca said Tuesday that wireless phone company Unefon paid the company US$10 million (euro7.7 million) in cash to settle its loan support from Azteca dating back to 2001. 
 Hundreds of armed insurgents took up positions Tuesday in the center of Ramadi, fierce clashes erupted to the northwest of the city, and explosions rocked a nearby U.S. base, police and eyewitnesses said. 
 The Federal Reserve is expected to nudge interest rates up for a fourth time this year on Wednesday, acting on the belief that the economy has finally emerged from an extended "soft patch." 
 Thousands of Palestinian refugees poured into the streets of their southern Lebanon camps Tuesday night, with many vowing to hold all night vigils for their leader, Yasser Arafat, who his top aides say remain on life support at a French hospital. 
 The Israeli Cabinet was to hold a special meeting Wednesday to discuss funeral arrangements for Yasser Arafat, an official said. 
 Hotel heiress Nicky Hilton and New York businessman Todd Andrew Meister have officially ended their brief marriage. 
 Environmental groups have filed a lawsuit over the National Park Service's plan for allowing snowmobiles in Yellowstone National Park for the next three winters. 
 The Bush administration asked the Supreme Court on Tuesday to block the only U.S. law allowing doctors to help terminally ill patients die more quickly. 
 Egypt is offering to host a funeral service for Yasser Arafat in Cairo, a Palestinian official said Tuesday. 
 On a continent that absorbs 75 percent of the world's U.N. peacekeeping forces and budgets, Ivory Coast's violent downward spiral threatens hard-won gains achieved after West Africa's devastating civil wars of the 1990s. 
 A man accused of beating his German girlfriend to death with a baseball bat in Mexico has been extradited from Spain to stand trial, the federal Attorney General's Office announced Tuesday. 
 Gold for current delivery closed at $435.70 per troy ounce Tuesday on the New York Mercantile Exchange, up from $432.70 late Monday. 
 Crude oil futures tumbled below $48 a barrel Tuesday, closing at their lowest level in seven weeks, on rising expectations that the U.S. supply of transport and home-heating fuels will be adequate this winter. 
 Mafia boss Salvatore "Toto" Riina, once the reputed head of the Sicilian mob, is gravely sick and should not be kept under tough imprisonment rules imposed on him since his arrest a decade ago, his lawyer said Tuesday. 
 South Africa recalled fit-again flanker AJ Venter and Ireland unveiled new flanker Jonny O'Connor for their rugby union test at Lansdowne Road on Saturday. 
 Defending champion Werder Bremen labored to beat second-division Eintracht Trier 3-1 in extra time and reach the quarterfinals of the German Cup with two goals from Daniel Jensen on Tuesday. 
 A woman was stabbed to death by an intruder as officers waited for her to unlock a gate so they could search her yard, police said. 
 The stock market closed. 
 Caribbean leaders held a second day of talks Tuesday with no apparent breakthrough on the divisive question of whether to restore ties with Haiti frozen since the ouster of President Jean-Bertrand Aristide more than eight months ago. 
 The biggest test yet of an experimental pill that promises to help people lose weight and stop smoking found that it helped people not only lose weight but also keep it off for two years _ longer than any other diet drug. Cholesterol and other health measures improved, too. 
 The attorney for Shining Path rebel leader Abimael Guzman said Tuesday he has been barred from visiting his client, who is being retried in a civilian court on terrorism charges. 
 Haitian police have detained more than 20 of their own officers on suspicion of involvement in an alleged plot to kill prisoners affiliated with ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide, a leading human rights activist said Tuesday. 
 The stock exchanges in the United States would be forced to tighten their governance and move toward separating their self-policing function from their business operations under a plan proposed by federal regulators on Tuesday. 
 Police on Tuesday stormed a prison in the northeastern state of Bahia to quell a riot that injured six inmates, police said. 
 Stocks barely budged Tuesday while investors awaited the Federal Reserve's decision on interest rates and while they digested troubling developments at insurance broker Marsh & McLennan Cos. and drugmaker Merck & Co. 
 There could be several more days of intense fighting in the U.S.-led battle to retake Iraq's rebel-controlled city of Fallujah, the commander of land forces said on the second day of the assault. 
 Egypt's president warned his American counterpart Tuesday that U.S.-led forces battling insurgents in the Iraqi city of Fallujah must exercise caution to avoid civilian casualties, according to a pro-government daily. 
 Defense contractor Northrop Grumman Corp. and Boeing Co., the world's largest aerospace company, said Tuesday they will bid as a team to compete for NASA's planned manned and robotic space exploration program. 
 Palestinians congregated in mosques and public places late Tuesday for a holy night of worship, adding special prayers for their ailing leader, Yasser Arafat. 
 Colin Farrell, the star of the upcoming historical epic "Alexander" said he has had no talks with producers to replace Pierce Brosnan as the superspy James Bond in a new 007 movie, and laughed at the idea of sporting the legendary tuxedo. 
 A twinkly-eyed Ronald Reagan is going on a U.S. postage stamp. 
 The dollar eked out some slight gains Tuesday, in cautious trading ahead of a meeting of Federal Reserve policymakers that's widely expected to see another rise in the key federal funds target rate. 
 The ravages of time and man could not defeat Hermann the German. 
 Despite the recent success of Afghanistan's presidential election, next year's local and parliamentary elections will be "more susceptible to fraud and intimidation," a senior U.N. official said Tuesday. 
 Crude-oil futures settled Tuesday below $48 a barrel for the first time in seven weeks amid expectations of steady increases in U.S. petroleum inventories and global crude supplies. 
 Ten U.S. service members and two Iraqi government troopers have been killed in the operation to capture Fallujah, the U.S. military said. 
 Italian 17-year-old Arturo Lupoli scored two goals on Tuesday to lead a youth-oriented Arsenal to a 3-1 victory over full-strength Everton, putting the Gunners in the fifth round of the English League Cup. 
 A slimmed down Renee Zellweger ditched the large pair of pants she wore in "Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason" for a slinky dress at the movie's premiere Tuesday. 
 The government on Tuesday upheld a ruling that Chinese bedroom furniture was being sold in the United States at unfairly low prices, but it scaled back the level of penalty tariffs. 
 After a choppy trans-Atlantic journey, "The Producers" is ready to storm London. 
 Bombardier Recreational Products Inc. is cutting 800 jobs, more than 10 percent of its workforce, because of the continued rise in the Canadian dollar and higher prices for energy and raw materials. 
 Simon Katich and Nathan Hauritz have been dropped from the Australian cricket team to play New Zealand in the opening test starting Nov. 18 in Brisbane, while Shane Warne was selected despite nursing a broken thumb. 
 The richest caddie on the PGA Tour this year had a rough end of the year. 
 Mexican stocks meandered higher Tuesday despite a rise in local interest rates and a lackluster performance from U.S. stocks. 
 Israel suspended arms sales to the Ivory Coast at the request of France following the death of nine French peacekeeping troops in the African country, the Defense Ministry announced Tuesday. 
 Russia's Severstal has made an offer to buy Stelco Inc., in what's believed to be one of several competing offers emerging for the restructuring but profitable Canadian steel producer. 
 Members of about 80 evangelical churches demanded Tuesday that the Honduran government strip three homosexual rights groups of their legal standing. 
 A man demanding media attention took a female employee hostage at the Mexican consulate Tuesday before he was wounded by police outside the building. The hostage was rescued unharmed. 
 The NBA suspended Milwaukee Bucks forward Marcus Fizer on Tuesday for one game following his guilty plea on a gun charge. 
 No longer a presidential candidate but still a voice for the Democrats, Sen. John Kerry met with the party's congressional leadership Tuesday as he moved into the next phase of his political life. 
 Suriname's state oil company Staatsolie Ltd. signed an agreement with Denmark-based Maersk Oil Tuesday for seismic exploration off this South American country's shores. 
 Shackled in front of a three-member panel sitting beneath an American flag, Guantanamo detainees continued to go before military tribunals Tuesday despite a landmark ruling that could halt the proceedings and future trials. 
 Australia's largest bank, National Australia Bank, said Wednesday that its annual net profit fell 19.7 percent to 3.18 billion Australian dollars (US$2.42 billion; euro1.87 billion). 
 Israeli seamen on a patrol boat shot and killed a Palestinian swimming near an Israeli settlement in the Gaza Strip early Wednesday, the army said. 
 Canada's Bombardier Recreational Products Inc. is cutting 800 jobs _ or more than 10 per cent of its work force _ because of the continued rise in the Canadian dollar and higher prices for energy and raw materials. 
 Attorney General John Ashcroft and Commerce Secretary Don Evans resigned Tuesday, the first members of President George W. Bush's Cabinet to leave as he headed from re-election into his second term. 
 Census officials sought to reassure minority and civil rights groups Tuesday that the agency keeps names, addresses and other personal information confidential from other government departments. Some critics remained skeptical. 
 The government and a dozen airlines struck a deal Tuesday requiring sanitation improvements and increased testing of drinking water aboard aircraft after officials found evidence of harmful bacteria in the water of one in every eight planes tested. 
 A former Mafia boss who served eight years for eight murders in a deal with the government could be sent back to prison after being arrested and charged Tuesday with lying to prosecutors during the negotiations about his role in a 1993 slaying. 
 House Democratic leaders, consigned by the election to a minority role for another two years, said Tuesday they want to hold Republicans more accountable, starting with a vote on raising the $7.4 trillion (euro5.7 trillion) debt ceiling. 
 Royal Caribbean cruise ships will once again dock in St. Croix later this month, but only as an overnight refueling stop, officials said Tuesday. 
 Three recent close calls involving commercial aircraft illustrate the need for systems that can quickly warn pilots about dangers on runways, federal safety officials said Tuesday. 
 The West Indies Players Association chief accused the national cricket board of trying to exploit the 25 players invited to a training camp this month and instructed them not to sign their contracts. 
 Former Rep. Frank Ballance pleaded guilty Tuesday to a charge that he used a charitable foundation to bilk the government and funnel money to his law firm, church and family. 
 Egypt's president said his country is willing to host a funeral for Yasser Arafat, Yemen's leader said in a statement carried by the state-run Yemeni news agency Wednesday. 
 Suspected arsonists burned down an Islamic elementary school on Tuesday in the latest in a string of arson attacks in the Netherlands in the wake of the killing of a Dutch filmmaker, allegedly by an Islamic extremist. 
 Administrative problems, not politics, led to a report that falsely showed a decline in worldwide terror attacks last year, the U.S. State Department inspector general's office said Tuesday. 
 The biggest test yet of an experimental pill that promises to help people lose weight and stop smoking found that it helped people not only lose weight but also keep it off for two years _ longer than any other diet drug. Cholesterol and other health measures improved, too. 
 Today is Wednesday, November 17, the 321st day of 2004. There are 44 days left in the year. 
 The cost of the Ministry of Defense's biggest equipment projects were 1.7 billion pounds (US$3.2 billion, euro2.4 billion) over budget in the year to last March, officials said Wednesday. 
 President George W. Bush paid a bedside visit to wounded soldiers, then predicted victory for their comrades in Iraq in their battle against terrorists "who want to stop democracy" there. 
 Presidential assailant John Hinckley has a troubling relationship with a former girlfriend that must be resolved before he can be allowed to spend more time away from a psychiatric hospital, a government expert testified. 
 Ukraine's election commission early Wednesday postponed announcing final results from the presidential election 10 days earlier, adding to tensions over the vote count that left the Prime Minister and an opposition challenger facing a runoff. 
 In several states, women considering abortion are given government-issued brochures warning that the procedure could increase their chance of developing breast cancer, despite scientific findings to the contrary. 
 Dutch Muslims and Christians called for an end to a cycle of retaliatory vandalism of mosques and churches as slain filmmaker Theo van Gogh was cremated, a week after his killing by a suspected Islamic radical. 
 Tiger Woods will play in the Skins Game and the Target World Challenge. Vijay Singh has the PGA Grand Slam and the Father-Son Challenge. Other top players can chase free money at the UBS Cup or the Shark Shootout. 
 A governor of a small Northeastern state announces his resignation, driven from office by a gay sex scandal. It happened in New Jersey and it happens again on "Law & Order." 
 Thousands of American, Afghan and Pakistani soldiers are hunting for Osama bin Laden and "sooner or later we will get him," a senior U.S. envoy says. 
 India's Ranbaxy Laboratories is withdrawing all of its generic versions of antiretroviral drugs from the World Health Organization's list of approved HIV medicines, saying it is uncertain they are biologically the same as the patented drugs. 
 The Pentagon said it has asked the Government Accountability Office to investigate a wide range of Air Force contracts that involved Darleen Druyun, a former senior official who has admitted giving special treatment to Boeing Co. 
 The U.S. dollar was trading at 105.78 yen on the Tokyo foreign exchange market at 9 a.m. (0000 GMT) Wednesday, up 0.07 yen from late Tuesday. 
 EDITOR'S NOTE _ President George W. Bush has outlined an ambitious agenda for his second term, from bringing stability to Iraq to simplifying the tax code at home. This is one of a series of stories examining the specifics of his proposals, domestic and foreign. 
 A lesbian couple who wed in Canada can seek to have their union legally recognized in Ireland, a judge has ruled in a case he predicted would have deep consequences for this predominantly Catholic country. 
 Top U.S. and Mexican authorities said Tuesday they had taken significant steps to increase security along their shared border, but acknowledged it is a "very attractive" possible route for terrorists wanting to harm the United States. 
 The Bush administration has asked the Supreme Court to block the only U.S. law allowing doctors to help terminally ill patients die more quickly. 
 Sudan and Darfur rebels have signed fresh accords to end hostilities and guarantee aid groups' access to 1.6 million people uprooted by conflict in Sudan's bloodied western region of Darfur. 
 During his nearly four years as attorney general, John Ashcroft was a willing lightning rod for critics who said his get-tough policies for thwarting terrorists infringed on the rights of innocent people. 
 Serena Williams squeaked into this week's WTA Championships, but she's out of contention for the year-end No. 1 ranking, leaving Amelie Mauresmo and Lindsay Davenport to contend for the top spot. 
 Italian Premier Silvio Berlusconi held talks with coalition allies Tuesday and won agreement over a tax reform that he wants to push through, a statement by his office said. 
 The United States is on "a very dangerous path" because it is spending US$450 billion annually on the military and just US$15 billion to promote development in poor countries, the head of the U.N. anti-poverty effort warned Tuesday. 
 Eight college students crowded around a table for lunch at the Bengali Sweet Market, its counters heaped with deep-fried pastries, cashew-paste candies and spongy dumplings swimming in syrup. 
 The first sign that Vijay Singh would be a relentless force on the PGA Tour came in a tournament he didn't win, with a putt that ultimately didn't matter. 
 Australia's largest bank, National Australia Bank, said Wednesday that its annual net profit slumped 19.7 percent to 3.18 billion Australian dollars (US$2.42 billion; euro 1.87 billion) in a result it said was unacceptable and reflected years of accumulating problems. 
 A Manhattan woman delivered twins three days shy of her 57th birthday. She is believed to be the oldest woman in the United States to give birth to twins. 
 Security forces opened fire as thousands of angry loyalists massed outside a French evacuation post for foreigners, witnesses said, and a hospital reported seven people killed and 200 wounded in a fourth day of chaotic violence pitting France against its former prize colony. 
 A posting on an Islamist Web site warned Iraqis to stay at home Wednesday in Baghdad and other cities or they would be "putting their lives in danger." 
 Verdi's "I Vespri Siciliani" has returned to the Metropolitan Opera for the first time in 22 years, a flawed but pleasing work that offers delightful music, an absurd text and a platform for soprano Sondra Radvanovsky to shine. 
 Parliament voted early Wednesday to give the Supreme Court authority to prosecute two more former Cabinet ministers as part of a government crackdown on abuses of power. 
 A powerful earthquake rocked northern Japan early Wednesday in the area still recovering from a stronger tremor last month that killed 39 people. One person was injured in the latest quake. 
 The Kansas City Wizards and D.C. United plan to play the same scrappy style in the MLS championship game that they used to get that far. 
 Attorney General John Ashcroft, a fierce conservative who generated controversy with his tough tactics in the war on terror, and Commerce Secretary Don Evans, one of President George W. Bush's closest friends, resigned, the first members of the Cabinet to quit before the start of a second term. 
 New Zealand regulators are filing criminal charges against eight credit card suppliers, including five major banks, for allegedly charging hidden fees for offshore transactions, the competition watchdog said Wednesday. 
 The U.N. Security Council on Tuesday gave wide support to a resolution that would impose sanctions against Ivory Coast if the government and rebels don't return to a peace process by the beginning of December, diplomats said. 
 U.S. troops powered their way into the center of the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah, overwhelming small bands of guerrillas with massive force, searching homes along the city's deserted, narrow passageways and using loudspeakers to try to goad militants onto the streets. 
 In an economic team that had its share of blunders and miscues, Commerce Secretary Donald Evans has stood out as the steady hand, tirelessly promoting President George W. Bush's agenda and guarding his longtime friend's interests. 
 Gold opened at US$433.75 an ounce on Wednesday in Hong Kong, up 40 U.S. cents an ounce from Tuesday's close of US$433.35. 
 A Marine major in charge of a military jail in Iraq set the wrong example for his men, leading to the death of an Iraqi prisoner, a prosecutor said at the close of the officer's court-martial. 
 U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan's decision to overrule an internal finding that the world body's refugee chief sexually harassed an employee was not a contradiction, a United Nations official said. 
 Japan's current account surplus expanded 9.3 percent in September from a year earlier, for its 15th consecutive month of growth, the government said Wednesday. 
 Convicted killer Demarco McCullum, who traded a promising athletic future for a cell on Texas death row, was executed for the abduction, robbery, beating and fatal shooting of a Houston man 10 years ago. 
 Yasser Arafat will be buried at the battered West Bank headquarters that had been his virtual prison for the last three years, his aides decided after the deeply comatose Palestinian leader suffered another downturn. 
 Fourteen suspected members of the drug hit squad known as "The Zetas" were ordered to stand trial on Tuesday on organized crime, money laundering and weapons possession charges. 
 Leigh Nugent said Wednesday he will quit as Australia's head swim coach and return to his former job as national youth coach _ just two months after leading Australia to its best overseas performance. 
 Three activists failed Wednesday to get a court to overturn their convictions for violating a law against illegal protests that critics have denounced as a violation of Hong Kong's freedoms. 
 A man who spent 19 years behind bars for the rape and murder of his girlfriend was released after being cleared by DNA testing. 
 Weapons sleuth Charles Duelfer, who conducted the fruitless post-invasion search of Iraq for weapons of mass destruction, narrowly missed being killed by a suicide car bomber in Iraq, two television networks reported Tuesday. 
 A top Islamic cleric was rushing to Yasser Arafat's hospital bedside Wednesday after the Palestinian leader's coma deepened and his caretaker government chose a burial site. 
 Caribbean leaders held off on renewing ties with Haiti suspended since the ouster of President Jean-Bertrand Aristide, citing concerns about the U.S.-backed interim government that have yet to be satisfied. 
 A small boat bearing 12 Cubans landed on Honduras' Caribbean coast Tuesday, and the four women and eight men were taken to a local hospital for treatment of exhaustion and dehydration. 
 Mount Rainier shook with a 3.2-magnitude earthquake, but scientists said the quake was not related to recent rumblings at Mount St. Helens, its sister volcano 80 kilometers (50 miles) to the south. 
 Tokyo stocks rose slightly Wednesday morning as investors bought construction and banking issues following losses in the last two sessions. The U.S. dollar was up against the Japanese yen. 
 A juror in the Scott Peterson murder trial who apparently did her own research on the case was removed and replaced with an alternate, and the judge ordered the panel to start all over again with their deliberations. 
 Prime Minister John Howard said Wednesday neither he nor any of his ministers would attend Yasser Arafat's funeral when the critically ill Palestinian leader dies. 
 Seeking to take advantage of the momentum from an election where moral values proved important to voters, a prominent religious broadcaster announced he has formed a new coalition to guide an "evangelical revolution." 
 State oil monopoly Petroleos Mexicanos said on Tuesday it has awarded the multiple-service contract to develop the Pandura-Anahuac natural gas block in northeastern Mexico to a consortium of two Mexican companies. 
 A Thai court has released on bail a policeman accused of gunning down a young British couple earlier this year, sparking fears that he might try to intimidate witnesses, a prosecuting lawyer said Wednesday. 
 A fire swept through a farmhouse west of Niagara Falls, killing a woman and her seven children, officials said. 
 Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said he would treat as an enemy any illegal, armed Colombian group _ rightist or leftist _ that enters his country. 
 The remains of an unidentified New Zealand soldier arrived home to a stirring traditional welcome by Maori warriors Wednesday _ 88 years after his burial in France during World War I. 
 Former President Bill Clinton, noting an "astonishing turnout among evangelical Christians" in this year's election, warned that Democrats "cannot be nationally competitive when we don't feel comfortable talking about our convictions." 
 A court Wednesday reversed some of the convictions against 16 followers of the Falun Gong spiritual group for protesting outside China's liaison office in Hong Kong, in a case seen as a test of the territory's freedoms under Chinese rule. 
 A 19-year-old man accused of planning to supply a Somalian terrorist group with night vision goggles and bullet proof vests was arrested crossing into El Paso from Mexico. 
 A construction crew struck an underground petroleum pipeline, sparking an explosion and fire that killed three people, burned several nearby buildings and shot flames high in the air. 
 An Italian aid worker abducted in the southern Philippines was released unharmed early Wednesday after Muslim separatist rebels helped authorities corner the kidnappers, the military said. 
 Japan's navy went on alert Wednesday when an unidentified submarine made a brief incursion into the country's southern waters near Okinawa, and Tokyo was trying to determine where the vessel came from. 
 One hundred prospective jurors have passed muster for further questioning in the Robert Blake murder trial, but the judge summoned another 50 prospects Tuesday to ensure a large enough jury pool. 
 A judge issued an arrest warrant for Rene Bejarano, a political ally and former secretary to Mexico City Mayor Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, on Tuesday on charges of encouraging illicit conduct and money laundering. 
 The Women's Australian Open golf tournament has been scrapped from its scheduled dates in February 2005 due to a lack of television broadcaster, officials said Wednesday. 
 The contract that sent Babe Ruth from the Boston Red Sox to the New York Yankees failed to sell on an Internet auction site Tuesday. 
 Tim McGraw's "Live Like You Were Dying" won song of the year and single of the year, and Kenny Chesney took entertainer of the year and album of the year honors at the Country Music Association awards. 
 Winners at the 2004 CMA Awards held Tuesday night in Nashville: 
 Mexican singer Luis Miguel said the new album he released on Tuesday, "Mexico en la piel," roughly "Mexico Under my Skin," marks a return to his musical roots. 
 Three U.S. agents are joining Australian police in the hunt for a serial rapist who attacked 11 women in Sydney, police said Wednesday. 
 Growth in China's industrial output slowed slightly in October, though export production remained strong, the government said Wednesday. 
 A solar sail spacecraft designed to be propelled by the pressure of sunlight will be launched early next year, The Planetary Society said. 
 Supporters of a political party and a Sunni Muslim group exchanged gunfire in the southern Pakistani city of Karachi on Wednesday, leaving three people dead and five injured, police said. 
 A journalist covering Nicaragua's local elections was shot to death Tuesday in the eastern Nicaraguan city of Juigalpa. 
 Shaquille O'Neal has the Miami Heat off to their best start ever after scoring 20 points, grabbing nine rebounds and blocking three shots in a 103-93 victory over the Washington Wizards on Tuesday night. 
 Taiwanese chipmaker ProMOS said Wednesday it has ended its legal battle with Infineon by agreeing to pay the German tech giant US$156 million (euro 120 million) to extend a licensing agreement for chip technology. 
 A Fiji army court-martial on Wednesday sentenced 29 soldiers to prison for two to seven years on mutiny charges for their support of an armed nationalist coup four years ago. 
 A roadside bomb Wednesday in northern Iraq killed six Iraqi soldiers and wounded two others, Iraqi officials said. 
 A powerful earthquake rocked northern Japan and injured one person early Wednesday in an area where thousands still live in temporary shelter following a stronger temblor that killed 39 people last month. 
 The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues closed at 10,994.96 points on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Wednesday, up 30.09 points, or 0.27 percent, from Tuesday. 
 Hundreds of Pakistanis arrived in the southern city of Karachi on Wednesday after Oman deported them for immigration violations, an official said. 
 The U.S. Marines said Wednesday American forces control an estimated 70 percent of the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah. 
 The United States was expected to ask South Korea to lift a ban on American beef and oranges as the two countries on Wednesday began their first trade talks since U.S. President George W. Bush's re-election. 
 A powerful 6.9-magnitude earthquake shook the Solomon Islands early Wednesday, according to the U.S. Geological Survey. There were no immediate reports of damage or injuries in the impoverished South Pacific nation. 
 A senior U.S. diplomat on Wednesday dismissed charges that recent U.S. actions against Chinese imports were protectionism, saying his country's huge trade deficit with China shows mainland goods have good access to America. 
 Drinking water on U.S. commercial airliners will be checked more frequently after the Environmental Protection Agency found evidence of harmful bacteria in the water of one of every eight planes tested. 
 Former Australian cricket captain Steve Waugh on Wednesday played down concerns over the advancing average age of Australia's test team after Simon Katich was dumped for 34-year-old Darren Lehmann. 
 With five gold medals at home and three world records in the books, Ian Thorpe said Wednesday he's confident his best swimming form if still ahead of him. 
 A Buddhist schoolteacher was shot dead just after the start of a new school term in Thailand's Muslim-majority south in the lastest violence blamed on separatist insurgents, police and officials said Wednesday. 
 Japan's top telecommunications company Nippon Telegraph and Telephone reported a 3 percent rise in earnings Wednesday for the first half of the fiscal year on higher revenue for its Internet services. 
 Shaquille O'Neal promised to bring a championship to Miami. And although it's way too early to be thinking about titles, he can't wait to show off his new team to his old Western Conference rivals. 
 Fighting is fierce, or maybe it's not, in "Operation Phantom Fury," or perhaps "Operation Al-Fajr," which was launched this week to wrest control of Fallujah from Iraqi insurgents _ or maybe foreign terrorists. 
 China remains cautious on issuing licenses for third-generation mobile phone services, state media reported Wednesday, as officials denied that recent tests showed a homegrown version of the technology lags behind. 
 Gold bullion opened Wednesday at a bid price of US$433.10 a troy ounce, down from US$434.30 late Tuesday. 
 Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono will meet U.S. President George W. Bush on the sidelines of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Chile later this month, the foreign minister said Wednesday. 
 State-run China Netcom, the country's second largest fixed-line telephone operator, has raised US$1.14 billion (euro 900 million) in Asia's biggest telecommunications share listing this year, its lead manager Goldman Sachs said Wednesday. 
 Rescuers recovered 10 more bodies Wednesday from the Sea of Japan, where Russian crews have been searching for more than a week for sailors from two ships that disappeared in a heavy storm. 
 Indonesia, the world's most populous Muslim nation, warned Wednesday that the U.S.-led attack on the Iraqi city of Fallujah was alienating the country's Sunni minority. 
 Tougher controls on journalists and independent newspapers have been ratified by Parliament and sent to President Robert Mugabe to be signed into law, state radio reported Wednesday. 
 Police stormed an apartment in southern Russia in a failed attempt to seize a suspected terrorist and came under gunfire, authorities said Wednesday. One special forces officer was killed and a senior police official injured. 
 The Israeli Cabinet has decided in principle that Yasser Arafat can be buried in the West Bank city of Ramallah, Israel's Army Radio reported Wednesday 
 A Thai court has released on bail a policeman accused of gunning down a young British couple two months ago, sparking fears that he might try to intimidate witnesses, a prosecuting lawyer said Wednesday. 
 The United States could accelerate its aid to Afghanistan during President George W. Bush's second term, Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage said Wednesday. 
 Two of Europe's Ryder Cup stars _ Scotland's Colin Montgomerie and England's Lee Westwood _ will headline January's Caltex Masters golf tournament in Singapore, organizers said. 
 A Hong Kong appeals court cleared some of the convictions Wednesday against 16 Falun Gong followers for protesting outside China's liaison office here, in a case seen as a test of this territory's freedoms under Chinese rule. 
 Harmony Gold Mining Co. Ltd.'s hostile takeover bid for Gold Fields Ltd. received a major boost when Harmony's second-largest shareholder said it would vote in favor of the deal. 
 A top Philippine diplomat headed for Iraq on Wednesday to bolster efforts to free a Filipino hostage, but ruled out negotiations with the kidnappers. 
 Gold closed at US$434.05 an ounce on Wednesday in Hong Kong, up 70 cents an ounce from Tuesday's close of US$433.35. 
 Japanese telecommunications company Softbank Corp. returned to profitability in the latest quarter from deep losses a year ago as income climbed from its broadband and other Internet-related services, including electronic commerce and broadcasting. 
 Insurgents attacked a police station in the Iraqi city of Karbala, killing one Iraqi policeman and injuring five, the Polish military said Wednesday. 
 Foreign militants fighting Pakistani forces in a lawless tribal region are likely using weapons smuggled across the border from neighboring Afghanistan, a senior Pakistani official said Wednesday. 
 A Russian court has frozen the Yukos oil company's stake in one-time merger partner, Sibneft, setting the stage for the possible confiscation of those shares by prosecutors, the business daily Vedomosti reported Wednesday. 
 A Shanghai shipyard has signed an order to build up to five giant container ships, the company said Wednesday, in a deal testifying to advances in China's shipbuilding capabilities. 
 Passenger traffic at seven major British airports rose 5.2 percent in October compared to a year earlier, with north Atlantic traffic nearly matching the general trend, terminal owner BAA PLC said Wednesday. 
 There will be cloudiness with isolated to scattered showers from Morocco to Tunisia and into northwestern Libya on Thursday. The rest of northern Africa will be sunny to partly cloudy and mostly dry. 
 Germany's foreign minister said he was hopeful of success in talks aimed at persuading Iran to suspend activities that could help make nuclear weapons, arguing in an interview that cooperation could make Iran a "big winner" in the Middle East. 
 Prime Minister John Howard said Wednesday he would allow government lawmakers to introduce legislation to Parliament restricting abortions in Australia, setting the stage for a national debate on the potentially divisive issue. 
 Sweden will lay off 1,000 officers by next summer and no more would be hired as it scales back the historically neutral country's armed forces, the Defense Ministry said Wednesday. 
 From advocating for gay rights to pushing for stem cell research, life beyond the New Jersey governorship appears to be full of possibilities for James E. McGreevey. 
 European business leaders on Wednesday lambasted a plan by Japan's ruling party to ban prepaid cell phones, saying such a move would discriminate against a foreign-owned carrier. 
 The Israeli Cabinet on Wednesday officially approved a burial for Yasser Arafat in the West Bank city of Ramallah and has relayed the decision to the Palestinians, Israeli and Palestinian officials said. 
 A U.S. soldier and bystander were injured when a car suspected of carrying explosives blew up inside a large shopping mall in eastern Kosovo, police and U.S. military said Wednesday. 
 A white opposition legislator imprisoned for assaulting two Cabinet ministers is asking for a court hearing to challenge the sentence imposed by Parliament, his lawyer said Wednesday. 
 They help predict the path of weather halfway around the world or in space, shed light on the death of dinosaurs and train pilots to fly in Alaska. They're supercomputers, capable of high-speed calculations that would take people trillions of years to do. 
 Norway's 12-month inflation rate rose to 1.4 percent in October from 1.1 percent a month earlier but was down from 1.6 percent a year earlier, the state agency Statistics Norway announced Wednesday. 
 Russia's Finance Ministry is recommending early payment of much of the country's foreign debt, using the surplus from a government emergency fund, a senior official said Tuesday. 
 Estonian Defense Minister Margus Hanson said Wednesday he would resign after learning security police would investigate him for bringing confidential documents to his house, where they were later stolen. 
 Breaking his silence for the first time since his sudden resignation as Real Madrid coach, Jose Antonio Camacho said he departed because he felt unable to exert a major influence on the star-studded team. 
 Police in Kashmir fired dozens of tear gas shells and used batons Wednesday to disperse thousands of demonstrators violently protesting soldiers' alleged rape of a woman and her daughter. 
 Poland takes over the rotating chairmanship of the Council of Europe on Wednesday with plans to prepare a rare summit for the leaders of the organization that brings together 46 nations representing over 800 million citizens. 
 Spanish-French tobacco company Altadis SA reported a 2 percent drop in net profit for the first nine months of the year, citing lower cigarette sales in core French markets. 
 Kenny Chesney waited 12 years to win a Country Music Association award _ but had less than two minutes to give his acceptance speech. 
 The Palestinian leadership met Wednesday to discuss arrangements for the funeral of Yasser Arafat, who remained in a deep coma in a Paris hospital, officials said. 
 Two British Royal Air Force airmen were attacked and robbed outside the hotel they were staying at in Lithuania, police said Wednesday. 
 A national organization has named Little Rock the nation's "meanest" city toward the homeless _ ranking it above Atlanta, Los Angeles and New York. 
 Two American scientists and a German philosopher were given prestigious Kyoto Prizes _ Japanese awards for achievement in the arts and sciences _ at a ceremony Wednesday in western Japan, a foundation official said. 
 About 100 men, women and children left the insurgent bastion of Fallujah on Wednesday and made their way to American positions in the south of the city where they gave themselves up, U.S. officials said. 
 Three activists found guilty of staging an unauthorized protest failed Wednesday to get a court to overturn their convictions under a law that critics have denounced as a violation of Hong Kong's freedoms. 
 New Zealand's 2003 Rugby World Cup captain Reuben Thorne flew out of Auckland on Wednesday to join the All Blacks in Rome as a cover for injured lock/flanker Jono Gibbes, a New Zealand Rugby Union spokesman said. 
 Britons traveled further afield in the last year, while more tourists from abroad chose to visit Britain, a government agency said Wednesday. 
 A translator employed at the U.S. military base close to the Iraqi capital was found dead Wednesday in western Baghdad, a police officer said. 
 Tokyo shares rebounded moderately Wednesday as investors hunted for bargain stocks, while most other Asian markets also ended higher on the back of easing oil prices. 
 A gang beat and stabbed three Latvian men in the latest racist attack in Northern Ireland, police and politicians said Wednesday. 
 Two-time world rallying champion Carlos Sainz's career ended Wednesday _ one race short of his scheduled retirement. 
 The government Wednesday denied suggestions that it had been snubbed by U.S. President George W. Bush, who met with former prime minister Jose Maria Aznar even as Aznar's successor waits for Bush to return a phone call congratulating him on his re-election. 
 Two leaders of Japan's ruling coalition expressed support Wednesday for keeping Japanese troops in Iraq past their December deadline as long the security situation doesn't deteriorate in the region around their camp. 
 A British company, which is among a handful in the world promoting affordable space tourism, has offered to turn a northern Malaysian state into Asia's first space travel hub, officials said Wednesday. 
 Built on the remains of an ancient volcano, Exeter's historic Crown Court carries the distinction of convicting the last witch to be executed in England. 
 The Bank of England predicted Wednesday that inflation will accelerate next year and reach 2 percent by the fourth quarter of 2006. 
 One of the last surviving members of Myanmar's "Thirty Comrades" independence heroes has died. Bohmu Aung was 95. 
 Real Madrid striker Michael Owen believes he has overcome difficulties related to his transfer from Liverpool and expects his recent scoring streak to continue. 
 Ukrainian troops serving with the U.S.-led coalition in Iraq seized a cache with weapons and ammunition in southern Iraq, the Ukrainian Defense Ministry said Wednesday. 
 Palestinian leaders decided Wednesday to accept an offer by Egypt to hold a funeral service for Yasser Arafat in Cairo, a Cabinet minister said. 
 Elderly protesters continued their seizure of a regional president's office in southern Russia Wednesday, demanding his resignation over a multiple slaying that his former son-in-law has been linked to, authorities said. 
 Taiwan's leader on Wednesday made a new appeal to China to hold bilateral talks, and urged the communist giant to publicly announce that it will ban the development and use of weapons of mass destruction. 
 Police on the island of Crete launched an investigation Wednesday after 75 immigrants escaped from a hotel where they had been temporarily housed after being detained for illegally entering Greece. 
 Pittsburgh Penguins winger Matt Bradley signed a one-month contract with Austrian second division team Dornbirn Bulldogs, becoming the latest National Hockey League player to join a European team during the NHL lockout, a club official said Wednesday. 
 Burundian President Domitien Ndayizeye sacked Vice President Alphonse Kadege Wednesday, accusing him of undermining efforts to end the country's 11-year civil war, an official said. 
 The High Court agreed Wednesday to continue a 50-yard (45-meter) "no-harassment" zone around Oxford University's premises to protect against activists protesting the institution's plans for a research center to experiment on animals. 
 An Italian aid worker abducted in the southern Philippines was released unharmed early Wednesday after Muslim separatist rebels reportedly helped authorities corner his kidnappers. 
 Russian figure skater Irina Slutskaya, the 2002 world champion and Olympic silver medalist, is expected to return to competition Thursday with a new short program at the Cup of China. 
 Bayern Munich plans to release four players at the end of the season, chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge said Wednesday. 
 A Polish truck carrying horses crashed early Wednesday, disrupting traffic near the Slovak capital, the news agency TASR reported. 
 Workers at P&O Ferries will vote on whether to authorize strikes to protest job cuts, their union said Wednesday. 
 The European Union's head office on Wednesday predicted a smooth transition to the euro in the 10 new EU nations that are hoping to adopt the common currency by 2010. 
 Burundian President Domitien Ndayizeye sacked Vice President Alphonse Kadege Wednesday, accusing him of undermining efforts to end the country's 11-year civil war, an official said. 
 Storms across Italy early Wednesday delayed flights, snarled traffic and left St. Mark's Square in Venice more than a meter (four feet) under water. 
 The Dutch office supplies distributor Buhrmann NV said Wednesday it had net profit of euro15.3 million (US$19.7 million) in the third quarter after a loss last year, but sales fell. 
 The battle for which club can call itself king of Scandinavian soccer will begin Thursday, as the inaugural Royal League kicks off in Sweden, Denmark and Norway. 
 The European Union said Wednesday it is still hopeful of ending a dispute that's holding up international cooperation on the world's first nuclear fusion plant despite the failure of latest talks on the US$12 billion project. 
 The Czech Republic will support the start of negotiations for Turkey to join the European Union, the government said Wednesday. 
 The rapid U.S. advance into Fallujah may be coming at the expense of one of the operation's chief goals: to capture or kill as many insurgents as possible. 
 A Russian physicist accused of spying for China was taken into custody Wednesday ahead of his sentencing, his lawyer said. 
 The number of Indian students enrolled at American universities has doubled over the last five years, according to a study released Wednesday. 
 Albania's prime minister on Wednesday ordered an investigation into allegations that he was involved in arms trafficking to Kosovo. 
 A Budapest resident allegedly defaced a Soviet war memorial in Hungary's capital, pouring spent oil over the obelisk-shaped figure erected by occupying authorities at the end of World War II, police said. 
 More and more children are entering the sex trade in East Asia and the Pacific, with exploiters using the Internet and mobile phones equipped with cameras to lure minors, child rights advocates said Wednesday. 
 A Syrian government newspaper on Wednesday denounced the U.S.-led attack on the Iraqi city of Fallujah as "a terrible humanitarian massacre." 
 A British convict who called a prison officer a "kraut" and made jokes about her German accent lost an appeal Wednesday to have his punishment overturned. 
 Keiji Tamada scored a goal and assisted on two others Wednesday as Kashiwa Reysol defeated Albirex Niigata 3-1 in the J-League's first division. 
 Syrian President Bashar Assad on Wednesday renewed his country's call for dialogue with the United States to improve strained relations. 
 After a rough Atlantic crossing, "The Producers" has landed on British shores with tides of laughter and a wave of relief. 
 The American Joint Distribution Committee, an American Jewish charity, is marking its 90th anniversary with a photo exhibit documenting its work in Russia and the former Soviet Union. 
 A Dutch opposition party appealed to Queen Beatrix Wednesday to help prevent "further escalation" of tension in the Netherlands amid a wave of attacks against churches and mosques following the killing of a Dutch filmmaker, allegedly by a Muslim extremist. 
 The government will lift flight restrictions to Grand Cayman on Nov. 20, fully opening the island to tourism more than two months after Hurricane Ivan devastated it, officials said. 
 It's an elegant but somber memorial to Austria's deadliest peacetime disaster: a stone building with 155 glass columns, one for each of the skiers and snowboarders killed when fire engulfed a crowded alpine cable car on Nov. 11, 2000. 
 Hugh Vyvyan has been called up to the England bench for coach Andy Robinson's first test in charge as the World Cup holder takes on Canada on Saturday with an entirely new back row. 
 A top U.S. military official met with his Tajik counterparts Wednesday to discuss military cooperation between the United States and this former Soviet republic, the U.S. Embassy said. 
 The Supreme Court on Wednesday dismissed a petition against the detention of disgraced Pakistani nuclear scientist Abdul Qadeer Khan after he submitted a letter saying he was being "looked after well." 
 Mijailo Mijailovic, the confessed killer of Foreign Minister Anna Lindh, sat stone-faced and silent in the Supreme Court on Wednesday as Swedish prosecutors argued he should be in prison and not psychiatric care. 
 A drug dealer and his accomplices killed five members of a wealthy family to take over their business, then buried the bodies in a mass grave, prosecutors alleged Wednesday in a London court. 
 Roger Clemens didn't look like a pitcher who is about to retire. 
 Former All Blacks winger Jonah Lomu said Wednesday that he plans to start playing rugby again next year after a lifesaving kidney transplant. 
 China, Ukraine and Russia are the worst offenders for producing pirated copies of goods ranging from handbags and faucets to cars, the European Union's trade chief said Wednesday, urging them to crackdown on counterfeiters or face possible sanctions. 
 A lack of AIDS education is still leading to infections, especially of children, in the tiny southern African nation, a joint government and United Nations report released Wednesday said. 
 Ireland has suffered its first homegrown case of the human form of mad cow disease, but consumers of Irish beef shouldn't be worried about its safety, the government said Wednesday. 
 A former top official called for an independent investigation Wednesday to determine whether the Serb military is harboring suspects sought by the U.N. war crimes tribunal. 
 Top political leaders Wednesday signed a declaration reaffirming their commitment to peace following a referendum on ethnic Albanian minority rights that led to a renewal of tensions. 
 A top Chechen official on Wednesday urged local law enforcement officials to step up the fight against terrorism and crime in the war-wrecked republic and said any civil servant who offers condolences over the death of a rebel will be fired, Russian news agencies reported. 
 NATO-led peacekeepers in Bosnia searched a private house on Wednesday looking for information about persons who might be supporting war crimes suspects at large, officials said. 
 James Bond's moon buggy from the film "Diamonds are Forever" is up for sale, Christie's auctioneers said Wednesday. 
 An Islamic court in northern Nigeria on Wednesday quashed a death-by-stoning sentence against a pregnant 18-year-old girl who had been condemned for adultery. 
 A Romanian judge on Wednesday resigned after being accused of starring in an X-rated video, officials said. 
 West Indies cricket officials have denied allegations by the region's players association that it bypassed the group when inviting players to prepare for a January one-day tournament in Australia. 
 Police broke up a small opposition demonstration in the Azerbaijani capital Wednesday, detaining 14 people who were protesting restrictions on public gatherings, participants said. 
 Jordanian custom officers on Tuesday seized 430 Iraqi artifacts wrapped in toilet paper and hidden in a car coming from Iraq to Jordan. 
 A reference book that offers a complete listing of Nobel laureate Elfriede Jelinek's works will go on sale next week, a publisher said. 
 A 21-year-old Swede accused of attempted murder on the Greek island of Kos will be extradited to stand trial there, a Swedish court ruled Wednesday. 
 Revlon Inc.'s third-quarter loss widened amid a 7 percent drop in sales as the cosmetics giant completed an ambitious refinancing effort. 
 Explosions shook the center of the Sunni Triangle city of Ramadi on Wednesday and clashes took place between U.S. troops and insurgents, residents said. 
 India is firming up a multimillion dollar deal to buy unmanned aircraft and other intelligence-gathering equipment from Israel, a newspaper reported Wednesday, in the latest sign of expanding defense ties between the two countries. 
 Delta Air Lines Inc.'s board has approved using an exception to the New York Stock Exchange's shareowner approval policy in order for the carrier to give stock to employees and creditors in exchange for concessions meant to avoid a bankruptcy filing. 
 A fire destroyed an apartment building in the southern Russian region of Tuva early Wednesday, killing 18 people and injuring at least 18 others, an emergency official said. 
 Austrian authorities said Wednesday they found an unexploded World War II bomb _ the third such discovery in the past month in or near the western city of Linz. 
 Scotland will ban smoking in enclosed public places, First Minister Jack McConnell said Wednesday, confirming an expected move to follow Ireland in enacting a sweeping ban. 
 President Ion Iliescu has asked Parliament to approve sending an additional 100 troops to Iraq to protect a United Nations mission, the Chamber of Deputies said Wednesday. 
 The situation in Iraq, marked by a U.S. offensive on the rebel stronghold of Fallujah, makes efforts to free two French hostages being held in Iraq "particularly difficult," government spokesman Jean-Francois Cope said Wednesday. 
 As other European countries question their long-term commitment in Iraq, Defense Minister Soeren Gade said Wednesday that Denmark will keep its troops there as long as Iraq's government wants them and Danish lawmakers approve. 
 Japan's prime minister said Wednesday he wants his nation's troops to continue their reconstruction work in southern Iraq, but stopped short of saying he would extend their deployment past their December deadline amid fears of escalating violence. 
 Share prices on the London Stock Exchange were higher in London Wednesday. 
 Reformist opposition candidate Viktor Yushchenko edged Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych in the first round of Ukraine's presidential vote, the Central Elections Commission said Wednesday after a delayed final tally. 
 France coach Raymond Domenech dropped Robert Pires and again didn't call up Nicolas Anelka for the team to face Poland in an upcoming friendly, announced on Wednesday. 
 Former All Blacks winger Jonah Lomu said Wednesday that he plans to start playing rugby again next year after a lifesaving kidney transplant. 
 Magellan Aerospace Corp. increased its quarterly profit more than 15-fold on higher revenues due to a U.K. acquisition and improved North American operations, the aircraft parts maker said. 
 Manchester United and England striker Wayne Rooney escaped unhurt after a car crash on the way to training. 
 Hoping to stop thousands of people slipping dangerously on icy sidewalks, the Finnish Meteorological Institute on Wednesday launched a nationwide program to provide weather reports for pedestrians. 
 A human rights organization criticized the Brazilian government's program to eliminate hunger, saying Wednesday the plan has delivered little in the way of real change. 
 The U.S. trade deficit shrank to $51.6 billion (euro39.8 billion) in September, an improvement brought about as exports posted their best month on record. 
 Estonian Defense Minister Margus Hanson said Wednesday he would resign after authorities said he would be investigated in connection with the theft of confidential documents from his home. 
 Three months after Alexandra Scott died of cancer at age 8, her goal of raising $1 million (euro770,000) for cancer research this year by selling lemonade has been surpassed. 
 Slovakia's population of bears is too big and must be reduced, an expert said Wednesday. 
 Albanian university professors went on strike Wednesday seeking a pay rise and better working environment. 
 Iraqi troops have found "hostage slaughter houses" in Fallujah including CDs and records of people taken captive in the wave of kidnappings and beheadings, an Iraqi military official said Wednesday. 
 The Internal Revenue Service is auditing the 1998 and 1999 tax returns of Bank of America Corp.'s pension and company-sponsored retirement plans, which have been the subject of a class-action employee lawsuit. 
 A head-on collision between a truck loaded with cooking gas cylinders and a bus carrying 21 farm workers left 19 people dead in central Brazil on Wednesday morning, police said. 
 The Bosnian Serb government issued an apology Wednesday for the 1995 massacre of 7,800 Muslim civilians in Srebrenica, saying it "shares the pain" of the victims' families. 
 David Beckham aims to play in England's friendly against Spain at the Santiago Bernabeu Stadium, Beckham's press officer said Wednesday, denying press reports that had suggested the England captain needs more time to get into shape after a one-month injury layoff. 
 Israeli troops shot dead two Palestinian gunmen after coming under attack in the northern Gaza Strip on Wednesday, the army said. 
 Arsonists broke into a radio and television station in a southeastern Nigerian state Wednesday and burned it down, and the governor accused his opposition and the police of complicity. 
 Investigators have linked a purported Islamic terrorist mastermind arrested in Switzerland to the prime suspect in the killing of Dutch filmmaker Theo Van Gogh, a Swiss newspaper reported Wednesday. 
 Romania's main opposition leader pledged Wednesday to keep troops in Iraq under the U.S.-led coalition and advance his nation's bid to join the European Union by eradicating corruption if he wins presidential elections later this month. 
 The future of the Middle East depends on the commitment of the United States and Israel to a Palestinian state, not on the life or death of Yasser Arafat, the Secretary General of the Arab League, Amre Moussa, said Wednesday. 
 Cable & Wireless Group PLC swung to a profit in the first half, announced a 250 million-pound (US$464 million euro360 million) share buyback Wednesday and said it would cut 600 jobs in a reorganization in Europe. 
 About a thousand workers marched through the capital in a peaceful demonstration on Wednesday to protest against taxation on their retirement benefits and poor constitutional reform. 
 A funeral for Yasser Arafat in the city of his birth _ Cairo_ is less about personal roots and sentiment than politics: Arab leaders consider it inappropriate to travel to the Palestinian territories until an independent state is established free of Israeli control. 
 The legal attache for the U.S. Embassy in Mexico City was shot as he got out of his car in what appeared to be a botched robbery attempt, an embassy spokeswoman said Wednesday. 
 German dramatist Tankred Dorst has been chosen to direct a production of the Ring der Nibelungen cycle at the Richard Wagner Festival in Bayreuth, replacing filmmaker Lars von Trier who dropped the production over the summer. 
 Thousands of angry Bulgarians filled the streets of downtown Sofia on Wednesday to demand that the government change its economic and social policy or step down. 
 A German-born industrialist jailed for sending gunmen to kidnap two businessmen, from whom he tried to extort 600,000 pounds (US$1 million; euro900,000), was given permission Wednesday to appeal against his conviction. 
 Injuries have sidelined Brazilian soccer stars Ze Roberto, Luis Fabiano and Edu for an upcoming World Cup qualifier against Ecuador. 
 The British Virgin Islands has decided to abolish corporate and personal income taxes and replace them with a payroll tax, the government announced. 
 Fewer donors and increased demand have created a significant shortage at Hungary's blood banks, officials said Wednesday. 
 TSX Group Inc. hopes to pursue stronger ties with the Chinese stock market in a bid to encourage more Chinese companies to list on Canada's dominant stock exchange. 
 Some of the worst assaults on human rights in the past year were carried out by terrorists intent on destroying democracy and freedom, Prime Minister Tony Blair's government said in a report published Wednesday. 
 Police patrolled streets and searched homes in a Naples neighborhood Wednesday, a day after the bullet-ridden bodies of three men were found in a parked car, the latest victims of what investigators call the city's bloodiest war between mobsters in 20 years. 
 Three members of the Iraqi prime minister's family were abducted at gunpoint from their Baghdad home, his spokesman confirmed Wednesday. 
 Military experts from all 26 NATO allies have approved a detailed program for the alliance's expanded training mission in Iraq, sending the plans to allied governments for approval, officials said Wednesday. 
 UEFA on Wednesday expressed alarm that Russian Football Union chief Vyacheslav Koloskov was being pressured by government officials to quit. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair said Wednesday his government had no plans to replace an 850-strong British battalion, which was redeployed closer to Baghdad to help U.S. troops, when its 30-day tour ends next month. 
 Cricket lovers will be horrified. 
 The weak dollar could be adding to pressures pushing oil prices higher, according to a European Commission report. 
 A World Trade Organization panel said Wednesday the U.S. government should drop prohibitions on Americans placing bets in online casinos _ a ruling that could open the United States to offshore Internet gambling. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair said Wednesday that time was running out for the Sudanese government to comply with international demands to end the violence in Darfur. 
 An insurgent attack on a U.S. military patrol killed one American soldier in southern Baghdad, the U.S. command said Wednesday. 
 The U.S. dollar sank to a new low against the euro in European trading Wednesday, but later gained ground and finished broadly higher against other key currencies. Gold rose. 
 Germans threatening to sue to regain ancestral property taken over by Poland after the Nazi defeat in World War II have no practical chance of success, a new study by legal experts said Wednesday. 
 The lower house of Russia's parliament gave preliminary approval Wednesday to a bill that would toughen registration requirements for political parties _ a move critics claim is intended to stifle dissent. 
 Chiefs of staff from the 26 NATO allies have to chose next week between generals from Canada and Denmark who are competing to become the alliance's top soldier. 
 Poland's largest savings bank, PKO Bank Polski, made its debut on the Warsaw Stock Exchange on Wednesday in the country's biggest privatization in six years. 
 Rauhi Fattouh, a little-known politician named parliament speaker six months ago, is in line to become the Palestinian president when Yasser Arafat dies. 
 Eni SpA's chief executive suggested Wednesday that the Italian oil and gas giant could be interested in acquiring minority stakes in Russian companies, including troubled Yukos, but only under certain conditions. 
 A former German soldier described harrowing scenes Wednesday from the World War II slaughter of several hundred Italian civilians, during the trial of six former members of the Nazi SS accused of a role in the massacre. 
 Environmental activists on Wednesday started action aimed at protecting a village in southern Slovakia from contamination by toxic pesticides. 
 Manchester City defender Ben Thatcher has been ruled out for three months following complications to his ankle surgery. 
 Telecommunications company Swisscom AG reported Wednesday that third-quarter net income fell 10 percent and said it would cut about 390 jobs next year. 
 An Islamic cleric who visited a critically ill Yasser Arafat in a French hospital on Wednesday said there were "lots of machines" attached to the Palestinian leader. 
 Global energy giant Royal Dutch/Shell Group plans to start retailing petrol and diesel in India toward the end of the year, a news report said Wednesday. 
 British troops are on standby to go to the Ivory Coast if they are needed to rescue British nationals from the country's violence, the government said Wednesday. 
 Premier Silvio Berlusconi's conservative government boasted Wednesday it was making good on tax breaks promised to voters, but International Monetary Fund inspectors cautioned Italy that it should cut its deficit first. 
 The United Nations refugee chief said Wednesday he fears that the conflict in Ivory Coast could destabilize surrounding countries, particularly neighboring Liberia which only recently emerged from years of vicious civil war. 
 UEFA will allow artificial turf pitches both at club and national level starting next season, Lars-Christer Olsson, the chief executive of European soccer's governing body, said Wednesday. 
 Stocks were mixed Wednesday as Federal Reserve policymakers met and investors looked ahead to another hike in interest rates. 
 Austrian authorities said Wednesday they busted a group of older men dubbed the "Grandpa Gang" who allegedly were involved in selling cocaine. 
 Six South African judges refused to hear criminal cases in Swaziland's appeals court Wednesday in protest at the government's refusal to abide by a two-year-old ruling. 
 Cell phone giant Vodafone Group PLC, which has spent years struggling to recoup billions spent on 3G licences, finally launched the cutting-edge service Wednesday in much of Europe and introduced or beefed up its operation in a dozen other countries. 
 European stocks were higher Wednesday helped by a sustained decline in the oil price but limp volumes continued to feature ahead of a key U.S. interest rate decision. 
 A tourist bus and two vehicles have been swept up by overflowing rivers as heavy rain has hit Montserrat the past two weeks, officials said. 
 Brazil may institute a new review process for bank mergers and acquisitions to guarantee competition among financial institutions, Central Bank President Henrique Meirelles said Wednesday. 
 Barrick Gaming Corp. said Wednesday it is buying the Golden Nugget Laughlin for $31 million (euro23.9 million) from the Poster Financial Group Inc., the latest deal in the rapidly consolidating gambling industry. 
 Five U.S. senators urged top Serbia-Montenegro officials Wednesday to hand over fugitive war crimes suspects and speed up recovery in the country impoverished by the ruinous rule of former leader Slobodan Milosevic. 
 Nicolas Sarkozy lifted the veil Wednesday on what is likely to be his last major sell-off as France's finance minister _ the partial privatization of the state-owned nuclear group Areva SA. 
 Pakistan's cricket team Wednesday arrived in the eastern Indian metropolis of Calcutta for a limited-over international amid heavy security. 
 The South African government warned Wednesday that an upsurge in violence in troubled Ivory Coast could destabilize West Africa and said it had invited the warring sides to peace talks in South Africa. 
 American, Australian and British warships patrolled the approaches to this offshore terminal Wednesday as a Greek tanker filled up with Iraqi crude oil. 
 Racist threats against Ireland's immigrant communities are growing, a government-appointed panel on racism reported Wednesday. 
 Paraguayan goalkeeper Jose Luis Chilavert will be feted in a weekend farewell match that will see former South American stars Carlos Valderrama and Ivan Zamarano return to the pitch. 
 Turkey's foreign minister on Wednesday charged that Greek warplanes twice harassed a pair of Turkish jets during an exercise over the Aegean Sea, and he urged Greece to take measures to prevent such incidents. 
 French insurance giant AXA SA posted a dip in third-quarter revenue on Wednesday, saying the strong euro and lower savings premiums had hurt its business in 2004. 
 Premier Silvio Berlusconi's conservative government boasted Wednesday it was making good on tax breaks promised to voters, but International Monetary Fund inspectors cautioned Italy that it should cut its deficit first. 
 High oil prices helped Total SA's profit to jump 38 percent in the third quarter, the French oil company said Wednesday, but production fell for the first time in four years. 
 A memorial fund for Princess Diana said Wednesday it has agreed to pay out US$25 million (euro19.4 million) for charitable causes to settle a lawsuit brought by the U.S.-based Franklin Mint. 
 Scotland will ban smoking in enclosed public places, First Minister Jack McConnell said Wednesday, confirming an expected move to follow Ireland in enacting a sweeping ban. 
 The first U.S. cases of the fungus soybean rust, which hinders plant growth and drastically cuts crop production, were found at two research sites in Louisiana, officials said Wednesday. 
 American stock-car racing returned to its origins Wednesday when NASCAR lifted a ban on liquor ads on cars, opening the door for teams to be sponsored next season by distilled spirits. 
 Poland's deputy defense minister said Wednesday that a new base in Diwaniyah in Iraq will be safer than the current headquarters near the historic ruins of the ancient city of Babylon. 
 Chile made a step toward confronting its grim legacy of human rights abuses under the 1973-90 dictatorship of Gen. Augusto Pinochet by completing a lengthy report Wednesday on torture and political imprisonment with testimonies from at least 35,000 victims. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair said Wednesday that time was running out for the Sudanese government to comply with international demands to end the violence in Darfur. 
 Reformist opposition candidate Viktor Yushchenko edged Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych in the first round of Ukraine's presidential vote, the Central Elections Commission said Wednesday after a delayed final tally. 
 Spanish police are investigating reports that a suspect in the killing of Dutch film director Theo van Gogh is linked to a Moroccan jailed in Spain over last year's terror bombing in Casablanca, Morocco, officials said Wednesday. 
 A federal judge Wednesday set trial dates for a U.S. Virgin Islands senator charged with over-billing the government and a former senator charged with attempting to defraud the government. 
 Yasser Arafat's brain is working only partially because of hemorrhaging, and his organs except for heart and lungs "are not functioning well," the Palestinian foreign minister said Wednesday. 
 Heavily Mormon Utah has become the first and only state to meet the U.S. government's goal of reducing the smoking rate to about one in eight adults, federal health officials said Wednesday. 
 The United States would back a left-leaning government in Mexico as long as it was elected freely and fairly by Mexican citizens, U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell said, according to a Mexican newspaper report published Wednesday. 
 She is famed for being the Material Girl, but Madonna's next book is about how wealth is overrated. 
 2004 _ Bobby Cox, Atlanta 
 A car bomb targeting police exploded Wednesday in eastern Baghdad, killing at least 10 people, police said. 
 France coach Raymond Domenech dropped Robert Pires and again didn't call up Nicolas Anelka on Wednesday for the team's upcoming friendly against Poland. 
 American company Tupperware Corp. is rooting for the dollar to stay weak, while Irish crystal maker Waterford Wedgwood PLC wants the opposite. The reasons why show how the dollar's fall to a record low against the euro boosts some companies but bruises others. 
 A judge on Wednesday jailed two Algerians suspected of ties to a radical Islamic cell that allegedly plotted to blow up the center of Spain's anti-terror investigations, court officials said. 
 Prison officials in Peru moved quickly on Wednesday to quash rumors that jailed rebel leaders had initiated a hunger strike to protest tightened controls over visits from their lawyers and relatives. 
 Turkey's coast guard recovered the bodies of nine people who drowned when their boat capsized in the Aegean Sea, and crews were searching Wednesday for several others who were still missing, authorities said. 
 The judge in the Scott Peterson murder trial removed the foreman from the jury Wednesday, the second time in two days a juror has been sent home. 
 Valencia midfielder David Albelda is expected to be out of action for a month after tearing muscle fibers in his right thigh during training, the club said Wednesday. 
 French Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin said Wednesday night that critically ill Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is in his "final hours." 
 Gen. Reinaldo Castellanos, Colombia's newly appointed army chief, is a battle-hardened commander who has begun to reverse years of military failures and poor intelligence work to inflict devastating blows on Marxist rebels deep in their own turf. 
 UEFA approved artificial turf for its competitions at the club and national team level beginning next season, the organization's chief executive said Wednesday. 
 A brawl broke out Wednesday between ethnic Dutch youths and ethnic Turks and Moroccans in the first direct racial confrontation in more than a week of religious and ethnic tensions in the Netherlands. 
 The head of the Colombian army was removed from his post Wednesday after less than a year on the job, the Defense Ministry announced without giving details for his abrupt departure. 
 Another roadblock was removed Wednesday to the merger plans of Canadian brewer Molson Inc. and Adolph Coors Co., the third-biggest U.S. brewer. 
 Efforts to impeach embattled President Lucio Gutierrez collapsed Wednesday when opposition leaders were unable to muster enough votes in Congress to begin an investigation of claims of corruption. 
 The Federal Reserve boosted a key short-term interest rate by one-quarter percentage point Wednesday, the fourth increase this year. It's part of a credit tightening campaign to bring rates back up to more normal levels now that the economy's recovery from the 2001 recession is more deeply rooted. 
 Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is expected to die within hours and, if he does, his funeral will be held on Friday in Cairo, his spokesman Nabil Abu Rdeneh said Wednesday. 
 Crude oil futures surged more than $1 a barrel Wednesday after the U.S. government reported that the national supply of distillate fuel, which includes heating oil, shrank for the eighth consecutive week. 
 Lena Goessling and Celia Okoyino da Mbabi scored two goals each Wednesday to lead Germany over host Thailand 6-0 in the opening match of the FIFA Under-19 Women's World Championship. 
 The State Department called on parties to the conflict in the Ivory Coast resume a dialogue to end continuing strife in the West African nation. 
 U.S. Marines have begun turning over the insurgent stronghold neighborhood of Jolan in Fallujah to Iraqi forces, the U.S. military said Wednesday. 
 As one of Turkey's richest families, the Uzans had an insatiable appetite for high-rise apartments in Manhattan. 
 New chances for Middle East peacemaking will open up once Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has died and a successor takes over, a senior German diplomat said Wednesday. 
 President George W. Bush named White House counsel Alberto Gonzales as attorney general on Wednesday, picking the administration's most prominent Hispanic for a highly visible post in the war on terror. 
 A judge on Wednesday reduced the time former President Rafael Angel Calderon must spent in jail while being investigated on corruption charges, according to a written announcement. 
 The stock market closed. 
 Saboteurs blew up a gas pipeline late Wednesday in northern Iraq, an oil official said. 
 Gold for current delivery closed at $434.00 per troy ounce Wednesday on the New York Mercantile Exchange, down from $435.70 late Tuesday. 
 Sudan's government and Darfur rebels ended talks on the country's bloodied Darfur region on Wednesday, with agreements on security and refugees but no pact on a long-term resolution to the bloodletting. 
 Nina Kraft, the German who won the Hawaii Ironman triathlon last month, has failed a doping test, the Frankfurter Allgemeine newspaper reported in its Thursday edition. 
 The leaders of Jordan, Yemen, Algeria, Egypt, South Africa and Brazil will attend Yasser Arafat's funeral, an aide to the Palestinian foreign minister said Wednesday. 
 Nicaraguan President Enrique Bolanos on Wednesday ordered an investigation into the shooting death of a newspaper journalist who was killed while covering election-related protests. 
 Scientists working for the U.S. government have developed standards to measure the accuracy of anthrax detection tests, hoping to steer first responders away from tests that have delivered too many false readings. 
 Lower-than-expected sales at Cisco Systems Inc. sent tech stocks tumbling Wednesday while the overall market was little changed after the Federal Reserve announced a widely expected interest rate hike. A jump in oil prices contributed to mild profit-taking. 
 Zoning in on a diagnosis for ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat should be a fairly straightforward task, medical experts say. 
 Marion Cappendijk can't understand it. "We are so tolerant here," she said, as she reviewed the still-smoldering rubble of an Islamic elementary school that was firebombed in the 14th arson attack on a Muslim building in the past five days. 
 Intel Corp., the world's largest computer-chip maker, Wednesday said it doubled its dividend for the second time this year. 
 As word spread that Yasser Arafat was close to death, nearly one thousand Palestinians took to the narrow streets and alleys of Yarmouk refugee camp on Wednesday night, shouting their love for the Palestinian leader and desperately hoping for a recovery. 
 The dollar exited a volatile session little changed against the euro Wednesday, bouncing back from a fresh all-time low and barely reacting after the Federal Open Market Committee raised U.S. interest rates. 
 Cocoa futures fell Wednesday amid profit-taking and news of a resumption of business in Ivory Coast despite continued violence. 
 The White House has put out word daily of calls flooding in from around the world to congratulate President George W. Bush on his re-election victory. But somehow, Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero just hasn't been able to get his call past the switchboard. 
 Leading scorers in Italy's Serie A following Wednesday's Round 11 matches (penalties in parentheses): 
 President George W. Bush said Wednesday he is hopeful about Mideast peacemaking after ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat gives way to a new leadership. 
 Bayern Munich cruised into the quarterfinals of the German Cup on Wednesday by crushing Stuttgart 3-0 on goals from Owen Hargreaves, Michael Ballack and Roy Makaay. 
 Motorola Inc., which is introducing 20 new cell phones as it tries to avoid slipping to No. 3 in the market, signaled its confidence Wednesday for strong holiday sales and said there are no further product delays in sight. 
 Dutch forces in black masks overpowered two armed terrorist suspects after a 15-hour standoff in a working-class district in The Hague, underscoring Dutch concerns that global terrorism is spreading into this normally peaceful corner of Europe. 
 Gunmen killed a civilian who worked for the police department in Haiti's capital and tried to burn his body in an attack following more than a month of sporadic street clashes, police said Wednesday. 
 U.S. troops have cut through the insurgent sanctuary of Fallujah like a hot knife through butter, but the true measure of success is more political than military: Once this battle is over, will the newly installed Iraqi authorities be able to keep the city under control? 
 Egypt is arranging to host a funeral when Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat dies, Egyptian and Palestinian officials said Wednesday. 
 Vitamin E supplements _ taken by many people in hopes of warding off heart disease _ do not work, and may actually make the condition worse, researchers say. 
 The U.S. government donated US$81 million Wednesday to the 15-member Caribbean Community to combat AIDS/HIV in the region, officials said. 
 A plane carrying several hundred French fleeing turmoil in Ivory Coast arrived in Paris on Wednesday hours after President Jacques Chirac conferred posthumous honors on nine French peacekeepers killed in what he called a "cowardly" air attack. 
 Alberto Gonzales, known in White House corridors as "The Judge," has seen his fortunes track with George W. Bush's for more than a decade. 
 Major League Soccer plans to start a reserve league for developmental players, part of its 10-year sponsorship deal with Adidas that is the latest battleground between the Germany-based sportswear manufacturer and its U.S. rival Nike Inc. 
 A New York City company is recalling two Chinese herbal supplements because they contain a carcinogen linked to kidney disease, the company said Wednesday. 
 Police drove through a Darfur camp for displaced people on Wednesday, smashing makeshift homes with their trucks, a UN spokesman and Amnesty International said. 
 Director Placido Domingo announced Wednesday he will conduct the first of six productions for the 50th anniversary season of what is now the Washington National Opera and will sing top roles in three acts taken from other works in a series of special performances. 
 Officials said Wednesday they were still unable to determine exactly how an overnight propane plant explosion knocked out power to part of a town 40 miles (60 kilometers) east of Toronto. 
 Grenada will receive the biggest share of the promised US$100 million of hurricane relief from the United States, a U.S. official said Wednesday. 
 The Los Angeles Lakers activated forward-center Slava Medvedenko from the injured list Wednesday, making room on their 12-man roster by placing forward Jumaine Jones on the injured list. 
 Jordan's King Abdullah II has urged U.S. President George W. Bush to push for a settlement to the Palestinian-Israeli conflict and to restore security in Iraq, the official Petra news agency reported. 
 The American Civil Liberties Union and a dozen nonprofit groups are suing the government over new rules requiring organizations that receive money from a federal employees' charitable drive to check their staffs against terrorist watch lists. 
 Members of Belize's tourism industry are asking the country's Supreme Court to throw out a US$50 million contract with Carnival Cruise Lines that would bring an unprecedented number of cruise ship visitors over the next five years. 
 About four 4 miles (6 kilometers) east of the U.S. Capitol, in an industrial section of town, sits a gas station that looks like any other. But it's not, because on Wednesday it became the first in North America to have a hydrogen dispensing pump. 
 Sprinter Jerome Young, a central figure in a doping case that could cost the U.S. relay team its gold medal from Sydney, was banned for life by the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency on Wednesday following his second positive test for a banned drug. 
 France, other countries and the United Nations launched what stood to become one of the largest evacuations of Africa's post-independence era on Wednesday, flying out the first of thousands of foreigners on requisitioned commercial airliners after days of violence targeting Ivory Coast's former colonial ruler. 
 Chelsea needed extra-time goals from substitutes Eidur Gudjohnsen and Arjen Robben to beat Newcastle 2-0 and reach the League Cup quarterfinals on Wednesday, while defending champion Middlesbrough was eliminated by Liverpool. 
 A brief summary of Serie A matches played Wednesday in the 11th round of the Italian league: 
 Dutch police arrested seven suspected Islamic militants in raids across the country Wednesday, heightening concerns that global terrorism is spreading to this normally peaceful corner of Europe. 
 Rangers rallied to beat crosstown rival Celtic for the first time in seven matches on Wednesday, with Shota Arveladze scoring in extra time for a 2-1 win in the Scottish League Cup quarterfinals. 
 The Defense Department is investigating allegations of racism in its ranks after a photograph was taken of soldiers wearing Ku Klux Klan-style hoods as they stood behind dark-skinned colleagues. 
 Today is Thursday, Nov. 18, the 322nd day of 2004. There are 43 days left in the year. 
 The top U.S. commander in Iraq, Gen. George Casey, told President George W. Bush that his troops are "making very good progress" securing Iraq, as U.S. forces and their Iraqi allies essentially paralyzed insurgent forces in Fallujah and cut off their escape routes from the city. 
 Alberto Gonzales, known in White House corridors as "The Judge," has seen his fortunes track with George W. Bush's for more than a decade. 
 The federal government unveiled a plan to tighten air cargo security by checking the backgrounds of workers who handle freight and restricting access to sections of airports used for loading and unloading cargo. 
 Security at Logan International Airport, praised for its overhaul after Sept. 11, 2001, has come under fire for a technique that allows police to stop and question people they believe are behaving suspiciously. 
 Indignant conservative groups are protesting this week's opening of the film "Kinsey," denouncing it as propaganda seeking to glorify the researcher they blame for inspiring the sexual revolution. 
 The stakes are high for Prime Minister Tony Blair when he meets U.S. President George W. Bush Friday, as British lawmakers look for signs of a payback for Blair's support in Iraq. 
 The international effort to destroy the world's largest chemical weapons arsenal is being undercut by disputes, including who should win lucrative contracts, experts said. 
 Burundi's Hutu president pledged to name a new Tutsi vice president Thursday as politicians struggle to save their fragile power-sharing agreement. 
 Dutch police arrested seven suspected Islamic militants in raids across the country, heightening concerns that global terrorism is spreading to this normally peaceful corner of Europe. 
 The U.S. dollar was trading at 106.96 yen on the Tokyo foreign exchange market at 9 a.m. (0000 GMT) Thursday, up 0.97 yen from late Wednesday. 
 U.S. military announced Thursday that the courts martial of three Army Reservists charged with abusing Iraqi detainees at Abu Ghraib prison will be transferred from Baghdad to Fort Hood, Texas. 
 The Twentieth Century Fox studio, a veteran of the big screen and the TV screen, is about to break into an entirely new realm: the really little screen, the kind that comes on a cell phone. 
 Philip Morris USA challenged a $10.1 billion (euro7.8 billion) consumer fraud ruling, telling the Illinois Supreme Court that its "light" cigarettes performed as advertised. 
 For the second time in a week, Sudanese government troops took steps to forcibly remove residents from a displaced persons camp in Darfur, the State Department said. 
 A season of tight racing, good crowds and the emergence of a new star, series champion Sebastien Bourdais, helped make the Champ Car series as dramatic on the track in 2004 as it had been in the boardroom. 
 Taliban-linked militants holding three U.N. hostages claim the Afghan government has agreed to free some of their jailed comrades to prevent the killing of the foreign captives. But the government hasn't confirmed any deal. 
 Brian Cashman wanted to make this perfectly clear: The umpires were correct when they called Alex Rodriguez out for interference on that crazy play during the AL championship series. 
 The U.S. ambassador to Kuwait intervened last year to ensure that Halliburton, the oil services company once led by Vice President Dick Cheney, retained a Kuwaiti business as a subcontractor to deliver fuel to Iraq, U.S. State Department documents show. 
 Kay Ward gazes at the towering bronze sculpture of Christ on the cross as gray clouds obscure the afternoon sun, draping the scene in shadow. 
 President Bush nominated White House counsel Alberto Gonzales, who helped shape the administration's controversial legal strategy in the war on terror, to be attorney general. He would be the first Hispanic ever to serve as the nation's top law enforcement officer. 
 They like to say around here that you can't find a place more laid-back without being unconscious. 
 A federal judge ruled a Syrian-born doctor may remain free on bail despite prosecutors' allegations he has ties to a suspected al-Qaida associate, and kept blueprints for a Washington, D.C., overpass at his home. 
 The Texas Court of Criminal Appeals ordered two men removed from death row, ruling they are mentally retarded and ineligible for execution. 
 The Dutch secret service thought the alleged killer of filmmaker Theo van Gogh was just a bit player in an Islamic terrorist network in Amsterdam before the murder last week turned the Netherlands upside down, government officials said. 
 PeopleSoft Inc.'s board of directors rejected Oracle Corp.'s $9.2 billion (euro7.1 billion) takeover bid and vowed to continue its staunch resistance even if a majority of the business software maker's shareholders decide to accept the offer. 
 Yasser Arafat has suffered brain damage and kidney and liver failure, the Palestinian prime minister said. But a top Muslim cleric ruled out any possibility of life support being turned off. 
 Mexico said on Monday it will be able to pay off its pending water debt to the United States "in the next few years," noting it has cut the debt in half since 2000. 
 The International Energy Agency urged the world's richest nations Wednesday to spend US$16 billion (euro12 billion) a year to bring electricity to 500 million people, saying it would strengthen their countries' economies and help them escape poverty. 
 A former girlfriend of Burt Reynolds has sued the "Cannonball Run" actor for abuse and broken promises _ just one day after he sued her on grounds that she was threatening to falsely accuse him. 
 The Roman Catholic Diocese of Spokane, unable to settle sexual abuse lawsuits, will file for bankruptcy at the end of the month, the bishop said. 
 Three high school students, one allegedly armed with a bat, were charged with attacking a pro-President George W. Bush classmate after he reportedly said only gays would support Sen. John Kerry. 
 Federal authorities lowered the terror alert status for areas around financial institutions in New York, Washington and Newark, New Jersey, saying that additional security precautions had reduced the threat. 
 The U.N. Security Council has postponed voting on a resolution that would threaten sanctions against Ivory Coast unless it resurrects peace efforts with rebel forces. 
 A condemned killer was executed for the 1996 fatal shooting of a man during a car theft. 
 Courtney Love pleaded not guilty to a felony charge of assault with a deadly weapon stemming from a confrontation with a woman at her ex-boyfriend's house. 
 Australian soccer coach Frank Farina made six changes Thursday to last month's squad that beat the Solomon Islands, in preparation for next Tuesday's international match against Norway in London. 
 One of four men convicted in a botched bank robbery in which four employees and a customer were killed was sentenced to death. 
 President George W. Bush nominated White House counsel Alberto Gonzales, who helped shape the administration's controversial legal strategy in the war on terror, to be attorney general. He would be the first Hispanic ever to serve as the nation's top law enforcement officer. 
 Gold opened at US$432.55 an ounce on Thursday in Hong Kong, down US$1.50 an ounce from Wednesday's close of US$434.05. 
 A videotape posted Thursday on an Islamist Web site purportedly by Fallujah militants vowed to take revenge on Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi for ordering a U.S.-led attack on their city. 
 Canada "cannot be the drug store of the United States," the country's health minister said, voicing concerns as several states are pushing to buy low-cost prescription drugs north of the border. 
 The All Blacks will play a one-off test against Fiji on June 10 to open their 2005 season, the New Zealand Rugby Union said Thursday. 
 The Twentieth Century Fox studio, a veteran of the big screen and the TV screen, is about to break into an entirely new realm: the really little screen, the kind that comes on a cell phone. 
 A judge ruled that transcripts of grand jury hearings in the Phil Spector murder case should be made public, brushing aside vehement arguments by the defense that the documents are "full of lies." 
 An Afghan man appeared before a review tribunal Wednesday, saying the Taliban killed three members of his family, burned houses in his village and stole his land before continuing their attacks against him in Guantanamo Bay. 
 U.S. troops, on the verge of gaining control of the city, fought pockets of resistance in this former militant stronghold and uncovered what the Iraqi commander said were "hostage slaughterhouses" in which foreign captives had been killed. 
 Thousands of veterans, military personnel, dignitaries and onlookers gathered in cities across Australia on Thursday to honor the country's fallen soldiers, 86 years after the guns fell silent at the end of World War I. 
 A former Miss Universe contestant will bring some glamor to Singapore's normally drab Parliament following her appointment as a nonvoting member, media reports said Thursday. 
 A fire badly damaged three classrooms at a Turkish school early Thursday, and there was speculation it was an anti-Islamic arson attack. 
 French Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin said he had "reassuring" news about the health of two French hostages in Iraq, but expressed "concern" about the impact the U.S. offensive on the rebel stronghold of Fallujah would have on efforts to free them. 
 Crude futures stayed close to the US$49 mark in Asia on Thursday, amid renewed fears that heating oil supplies may not meet demand for the coming Northern Hemisphere winter. 
 A New Zealand soldier who died 88 years ago amid the carnage of a French World War I battlefield was carried to his final resting place Thursday while he was honored as the nation's Unknown Warrior. 
 Tokyo stocks moved higher Thursday morning as investors welcomed the U.S. dollar's jump against the Japanese yen. 
 A moderate earthquake shook Taiwan on Thursday, but no damage or injuries were immediately reported. 
 South Korea on Thursday broke ground for its first special economic zone on tidal flats where U.S. troops landed a half century ago to turn the tide of the Korean War. 
 Two years ago China's soccer fortunes couldn't be brighter. Today, there's only a glimmer of that promise. 
 California High Speed Rail Authority officials unveiled a tentative map Wednesday of routes for a proposed statewide bullet train _ a $35 billion (euro27 billion) project they hope to begin building in 2008. 
 Liza Minnelli's bodyguard claims the Oscar-winning actress made him have sex with her in order to keep his job, according to recently unsealed court documents. 
 The Big Dig _ Boston's newly opened $14.6 billion (euro11.3 billion) highway tunnel project _ has a seriously flawed wall that contractors knew about as early as 1999, and is riddled with hundreds of smaller leaks, consultants reported in another embarrassment for the builders and the city. 
 More than 20 ABC affiliates around the country have announced that they won't take part in the network's Veterans Day airing of "Saving Private Ryan," saying the acclaimed film's violence and language could draw sanctions from the Federal Communications Commission. 
 Nike Inc. has signed a new global marketing agreement with the National Basketball Association in an effort to increase the sport's popularity overseas, league and company officials announced. 
 "Charlie's Angels" star Cameron Diaz and her pop star boyfriend Justin Timberlake snatched away a photographer's camera when he and a partner surprised them outside a ritzy hotel. 
 A federal judge found two U.S.-based Islamic charities and an alleged fund-raiser for the Palestinian militant group Hamas liable for damages in the 1996 shooting death of an American teenager in Israel. 
 Pitcairn Island's new mayor on Thursday condemned the sex crimes that have divided their tiny Pacific community of descendants from HMS Bounty mutineers, and urged islanders to put the past behind them. 
 Bob Krueger, a former senator and foreign ambassador in the Carter and Clinton administrations, was hospitalized here, reportedly after suffering a heart attack. 
 Arnold Schwarzenegger is best known in Japan for his Hollywood blockbusters and endorsing Japanese beer and noodles, but he was in Tokyo Thursday to push another cause: California's agricultural and tourist attractions. 
 A drug addict serving a life sentence for murdering a young British backpacker by pushing her off a bridge has launched an appeal against his conviction, court officials said Thursday. 
 Japan's military on Thursday shadowed an unidentified submarine that entered its territorial waters the day before, but officials said they had not yet figured out what country the intruder was from. 
 The Twentieth Century Fox studio, a veteran of the big screen and the TV screen, is about to break into an entirely new realm: the really little screen, the kind that comes on a cell phone. 
 Norwegian envoys left Thursday for a key meeting with the reclusive Tamil Tiger chief to bring the rebels and Sri Lanka's government closer to resuming stalled peace talks aimed at ending a two-decade civil war. 
 South Korea on Thursday broke ground for its first special economic zone on tidal flats where U.S. troops landed a half century ago to turn the tide of the Korean War. 
 Yasser Arafat, who triumphantly forced his people's plight into the world spotlight but failed to achieve his lifelong quest for Palestinian statehood, died Thursday at age 75. He was to the end a man of many mysteries and paradoxes _ terrorist, statesman, autocrat and peacemaker. 
 Key dates in Yasser Arafat's life: 
 U.S. Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova avoided a second-set collapse and held on to defeat Russian countrywoman Vera Zvonareva 6-2, 6-4 in the WTA Championships on Wednesday night. 
 Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat died in intensive care at 3:30 a.m. (0230GMT), a French military hospital spokesman confirmed Thursday. 
 Japan urged North Korea on Thursday to return to six-way talks on the North's nuclear weapons program in a third day of meetings focusing on the fate of missing Japanese citizens kidnapped by Northern spies, Japanese officials said. 
 Top candidates to succeed Yasser Arafat as Palestinian leader: 
 With Yasser Arafat out of the picture, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has lost his main excuse for refusing to deal with the Palestinian leadership. 
 Hunted as a terrorist, hailed as a peacemaker, Yasser Arafat succeeded in forcing the Palestinian tragedy upon the world's conscience but failed to deliver the independent state his people yearned for. 
 Procedure for transfer of power within Palestinian Authority: 
 Key dates in Yasser Arafat's life: 
 China's surging economy will grow by 9.3 percent this year, the government forecast Thursday, amid signs that efforts to tame the economic boom are failing to cap inflation. 
 Hunted as a terrorist, hailed as a peacemaker, Yasser Arafat succeeded in forcing the Palestinian tragedy upon the world's conscience but failed to deliver the independent state his people yearned for. 
 Los Angeles Galaxy midfielder Andreas Herzog, who played for Austria in the 1990 and 1998 World Cups, retired from professional soccer Wednesday. 
 The Palestinian parliament speaker will be sworn in as Palestinian Authority president, in place of Yasser Arafat, in the coming hours, a Palestinian Cabinet minister said Thursday. 
 A court has ordered a former player for China's national soccer team to pay 2.34 million yuan (US$282,000, euro 230,000) in a lawsuit over a car crash that left a former teammate paralyzed, a newspaper reported Thursday. 
 Blaming Yasser Arafat for global terrorism and the failure to achieve Middle East peace, an Israeli Cabinet minister expressed hope Thursday that a new Palestinian leadership would put down militant groups and negotiate with Israel. 
 Police battled residents of a town on the outskirts of Mexico City on Wednesday to rescue an accused thief from townspeople intent on beating him. 
 Former U.S. Attorney General Ramsey Clark said he has also done some of the same things for which prosecutors have criticized a lawyer accused of allegedly helping a radical Egyptian cleric communicate with his followers. 
 Fiji's disgraced vice president and four other men found guilty of treason-related charges linked to a 2000 coup had appeals of their convictions rejected Thursday by the Court of Appeal. 
 Australian legspinner Shane Warne said Thursday a new proposal on bowling deliveries in cricket _ brought about by the "chucking" controversy involving Sri Lanka's Muttiah Muralitharan _ could cause confusion for umpires. 
 President George W. Bush's statement on the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, as issued by the White House: 
 The death of Yasser Arafat opens doors to both chaos and peace. Which it will be depends on whether his successors rein in the bombers, whether Israel returns to negotiations and whether U.S. President George W. Bush will throw in his weight. 
 A New Zealand wine company is targeting Sydney's gay community with a pink wine called "Pansy" _ a word often considered a derogatory term for gay men. 
 History will judge Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat harshly because of his failure to embrace a proposed peace deal with Israel, Australian Prime Minister John Howard said Thursday. 
 Malaysia on Thursday described the death of Yasser Arafat as a "terrible loss" for Palestinians but urged them to unite in striving for an independent homeland to honor Arafat's lifelong crusade. 
 Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said he would consider granting an amnesty for alleged leaders of a short-lived 2002 coup, but would wait until investigations into the alleged roles played by government opponents in the failed putsch have concluded. 
 Reactions to the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat: 
 China's official soccer association has removed its secretary general amid accusations of mismanagement and the national team's fading hopes of qualifying for the 2006 World Cup, official newspapers reported Thursday. 
 A jury of Marine Corps officers found a major guilty of maltreatment and dereliction of duty in connection with the death of an Iraqi prisoner and sentenced him to be dismissed from the service. 
 Tens of thousands of Palestinians poured into the streets of the Gaza Strip on Thursday in a spontaneous show of grief over Yasser Arafat's death. 
 Yasser Arafat, who triumphantly forced his people's plight into the world spotlight but failed to achieve his lifelong quest for Palestinian statehood, died Thursday at age 75. 
 Palestinians reacted with tears and tributes to news of the death of their leader Yasser Arafat on Thursday. 
 The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues closed at 10,846.92 points on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Thursday, down 148.04 points, or 1.35 percent, from Wednesday. 
 Malaysia on Thursday called the death of Yasser Arafat a "terrible loss" for Palestinians but urged them to unite in striving for an independent homeland to honor Arafat's lifelong crusade. 
 Reactions to the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat: 
 Pregnant women from China's mainland are flocking to Hong Kong to give birth so their children can get residency rights here, and officials may raise hospital fees for nonresidents to deter the trend. 
 Thousands of weeping Palestinians rushed into Gaza's streets Thursday to mourn Yasser Arafat, clinging to flags, clutching his photograph and waving the trademark headscarf of the leader considered the national patriarch. 
 PeopleSoft Inc. appears determined to repel Oracle Corp.'s takeover advances, even if it means alienating shareholders who want to accept the $9.2 billion (euro7.1 billion) offer currently on the table. 
 Every dog has its day _ and in Nepal, it was Thursday. 
 Israel sealed the West Bank and Gaza Strip and sent troop reinforcements to the areas Thursday, in response to Yasser Arafat's death, the military said. 
 When President George W. Bush takes his second oath of office Jan. 20 it will be his family's fifth inauguration ceremony, a day of pomp and pageantry set amid the icons of democracy only this city can provide: the U.S. Capitol, the White House, Pennsylvania Avenue. 
 Federal Reserve policy-makers encouraged by the U.S. economy's performance may bump up interest rates again in December _ a fifth time this year _ and will continue to tighten credit in 2005, economists predict. 
 Over the nation's history, many rituals and traditions have been added to presidential inaugurations. A timeline of their development, as provided by the Joint Congressional Committee on Inaugural Ceremonies: 
 The Palestinian parliament was convening for an emergency session later Thursday to swear in a new Palestinian Authority president, in place of Yasser Arafat, a parliament official said. 
 Belgium sent condolences to the Palestinians on the death of Yasser Arafat on Thursday, calling on all leaders to renew their support of the road map peace plan for the Middle East. 
 The U.S. military statement was terse, declaring an Arabic television report that Americans had bombed a Fallujah clinic "unsubstantiated" and adding: "Insurgents have used allegations of civilian deaths as part of disinformation efforts in the past." 
 The head of the world's largest contract chip manufacturer said Thursday it will cost an estimated US$1 billion (euro 776 million) for his company to develop the latest chip production technology. 
 The Palestinian parliament speaker was to be sworn in later Thursday as the temporary Palestinian Authority president, in place of Yasser Arafat, officials said. 
 President Vladimir Putin praised Yasser Arafat on Thursday as "an influential political figure on an international scale." 
 Two national team coaches and several senior skating officials resigned this week as South Korea was stunned by tales of harsh training and physical punishment in its top ranked short track speedskating team. 
 Palestinians rushed into the streets Thursday to mourn Yasser Arafat, clinging to flags, clutching his photograph and waving the trademark headscarf of the leader considered the national patriarch. 
 New South Wales, led by legspinner Stuart MacGill's 4-57, dismissed New Zealand for 213 Thursday on the opening day of a four-day warmup match at the Sydney Cricket Ground. 
 Afghan President Hamid Karzai on Thursday lauded late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat as a courageous champion of peace in the Middle East and urged his successors to carry forward that legacy. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair on Thursday expressed his condolences following the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, and said peace in the Middle East must be the world's highest priority. 
 The United Nations appealed Thursday to the Taliban-linked kidnappers of three of its staff in Afghanistan to release them in time for a Muslim festival starting this weekend. 
 Gold bullion opened Thursday at a bid price of US$433.13 a troy ounce, down from US$434.43 late Wednesday. 
 Germany's Siemens AG, maker of big-ticket industrial goods such as power generators and streetcars, saw profits fall 10 percent in its most recent quarter, the company said Thursday, as its mobile phone and transportation businesses made losses. 
 History will judge Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat harshly because of his failure to embrace a proposed peace deal with Israel, Australian Prime Minister John Howard said Thursday. 
 The Palestinian foreign minister on Thursday called on Israel to resume implementation of the U.S.-backed "road map" peace plan, saying it was time Israel met its obligations. 
 German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder offered his condolences Thursday on the death of Yasser Arafat, describing it as a "great loss" to the Palestinian people. 
 Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Yasser Arafat's death could serve as a "historic turning point in the Middle East" and that Israel would continue in efforts to reach a peace deal with the Palestinians. 
 A car bomb exploded on Thursday near the convoy carrying the governor of northern Kirkuk, killing one bystander and injuring 14 people, including four policemen, the police said. 
 Yasser Arafat will be buried in soil taken from the Al Aqsa Mosque compound, a senior Palestinian official said Thursday. 
 Protesters ended their two-day occupation of a Russian regional leader's office early Thursday after a Kremlin envoy assured them that a multiple slaying linked to the leader's son-in-law would be investigated and those responsible punished. 
 Assured that improved security has diminished the possibility of an attack, local officials and workers at five eastern U.S. financial institutions expressed relief _ tempered with caution _ after federal authorities lowered the terror threat alert status there from orange to yellow. 
 Gold closed at US$434.45 an ounce on Thursday in Hong Kong, up 40 cents an ounce from Wednesday's close of US$434.05. 
 Nuclear whistle blower Mordechai Vanunu was arrested by Israeli police Thursday for passing on classified information to unnamed international parties, police said. 
 The government will sell its last direct stake in the country's largest bank, the National Bank of Greece, the finance ministry said. 
 Asian nations hailed Yasser Arafat as a hero and the "ultimate embodiment" of the Palestinian struggle for freedom, but key U.S. ally Australia faulted the deceased leader for not doing enough to make peace with Israel. 
 Online auction giant eBay Inc. announced it has acquired the most popular classifieds Web site in the Netherlands for about US$290 million (euro225 million). 
 As one of Turkey's richest families, the Uzans had an insatiable appetite for Manhattan apartments, paying about US$10 million (euro7.7 million) cash in recent years for seven dwellings in two luxury high-rises near the United Nations. 
 Hundreds of drivers were trapped in their cars for hours in a giant traffic jam sparked by heavy snowfall, a news agency reported Thursday. 
 Beijing mayor Wang Qishan is worried that the 2008 Olympics might suffer from overblown expectations, unruly Chinese fans and poorly planned construction, according to an interview published Thursday. 
 Mahmoud Abbas, a former prime minister and a veteran peace negotiator, was elected chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organization within hours of Yasser Arafat's death Thursday, putting him on a track to become the next leader of the Palestinians. 
 A court convicted five people in connection with a string of terror attacks that left dozens dead in Uzbekistan earlier this year, amid allegations that they had been tortured to confess, an international rights group said Thursday. 
 Spain's King Juan Carlos and Queen Sofia will meet this month with U.S. President George W. Bush in an informal visit seen here a symbolic step toward patching up strained bilateral relations. 
 Military personnel accused in two failed assassination attempts against Pakistan's President Gen. Pervez Musharraf will be tried by a military court soon, an official said Thursday. 
 Talks between three European countries and Iran aimed at allaying concerns over Tehran's nuclear program have brought progress but have yet to produce a breakthrough, Germany's foreign minister said Thursday. 
 A sheriff's auction in a downtown courthouse _ where the usual wares are cars seized from parking-ticket deadbeats _ was the unlikely setting for the sale of seven luxury high-rise Manhattan flats seized from one of Turkey's richest families. 
 Now that Arizona has passed a ballot measure to keep illegal immigrants from obtaining some government services, groups in several other states are considering similar proposals. 
 Pakistan skipper Inzamamul-ul-Haq is confident his team can beat India in its own backyard and exact some revenge after losing a home limited-over series against its archrival neighbor earlier this year. 
 The Palestinian parliament speaker was sworn in as temporary president of the Palestinian Authority on Thursday, assuming one of Yasser Arafat's three top jobs. 
 The European Union's high court on Thursday upheld a lower court ruling outlawing Spanish regional tax breaks to a branch of Korean industrial giant Daewoo International Corp. and two Spanish companies. 
 Tokyo shares declined Thursday on concerns about Japan's economic outlook, while other Asian markets closed mixed. 
 A Norwegian who felt a bit chilly after a night on the town and decided to stoke his fireplace didn't really have money to burn. It just turned out that way. 
 An U.S. Marine officer convicted of dereliction of duty and maltreatment of an Iraqi who died at the prison he commanded was sentenced to be dismissed from the service, despite his pleas to remain in the Marine Corps. 
 Prime Minister Ariel Sharon described Yasser Arafat's death Thursday as a turning point for the Middle East as Israelis marked the end of an era in relations with the Palestinians. 
 The British government on Thursday amended its travel advice for Israel and the Palestinian territories to reflect possible tumult following the death of Yasser Arafat. 
 FC Barcelona's unbeaten start to the league has earned its coach Frank Rijkaard a pay rise. 
 A Russian court convicted eight former members of a Chechen rebel group on Thursday in connection with an armed incursion into neighboring Dagestan last year that killed nine border guards. 
 Wang Junyao, who ran China's first private charter airline and built a business empire valued at US$300 million (euro 240 million), has died. He was 38. 
 Gold Fields Ltd. lost another round Thursday in its battle to fight off a hostile takeover bid by Harmony Gold Mining Co. when a High Court in Johannesburg dismissed a request to declare the bid unlawful. 
 The Al Aqsa Martyr Brigades in Gaza decided Thursday to change their name to honor the late Yasser Arafat, the group's spokesman said. 
 Telefonica SA reported a 47 percent jump in third-quarter net profit on Thursday, citing a larger customer base and operating improvements. But trouble in its mobile phone unit led the telecom giant to lower its full-year outlook. 
 A deep upper-level trough over the western Mediterranean will bring scattered showers and thunderstorms to Morocco, northern Algeria, Tunisia and northwest Libya on Friday. 
 The chief of Sri Lanka's Tamil Tiger rebels sent a message to the country's president Thursday offering ways to revive stalled peace talks aimed at ending a two-decade civil war, officials said. 
 A SARS vaccine is unlikely to be available soon because few drug companies want to invest in a product that may have no demand without another major outbreak, said a Hong Kong researcher who has worked on a vaccine. 
 Italian judges and magistrates have called a one-day strike later this month to protest a government-backed justice reform, which the magistrates say will curb their independence. 
 One of the world's ancient alphabets could flash on the screen of cell phones in the third most populous nation in Africa, easing communications for millions who can only read and write the Ethiopic script. 
 Erna Rosenstein, a surrealist painter and poet whose works evoked her experience as a Jew in Nazi-occupied Poland, has died, her son said Thursday. She was 91. 
 The U.S. military said Thursday that one hostage was found imprisoned in Fallujah. 
 Belgrade's famed "Question Mark" has never been more under question. 
 The Sudanese government says agreements on security and refugees reached with Darfur rebels signaled to the world that Sudan can solve its own problems. 
 The European Union said Thursday it was contacting Israeli and Palestinian leaders an an attempt to push Middle East peace efforts forward following the death of Yasser Arafat. 
 Five Albanians have been arrested for suspected human trafficking in Kosovo, police said Thursday. 
 Russian lawmakers are considering a proposed law that would tighten restrictions on showing violence on television, a measure that critics warned could make everything from boxing matches to news coverage of terrorist attacks illegal. 
 A court on Thursday dropped charges against four police officers accused of beating a labor leader in custody, saying the statute of limitations had expired. 
 U.S. prosecutors asked Dutch insurance provider Aegon NV to provide information in an investigation into insurance fraud, the company said Thursday. 
 Real Madrid is set to secure first option on signing young Brazilian forward Robinho from Santos, according to the player's agents. 
 Share prices on the London Stock Exchange were higher at midday Thursday. 
 A loud blast was heard in Baghdad Thursday with smoke seen rising on the western bank of the Tigris River. 
 Valencia forward Miguel Angel Angulo received his first international call up on Thursday as Spain coach Luis Aragones named an 18-man squad for next week's friendly against England. 
 A French student won legal backing at the European Union's high court Thursday for his bid to obtain a British government loan for university studies in London. 
 The Supreme Court on Thursday rejected the appeal of an evicted farmer in what was seen as a test case for President Robert Mugabe's controversial fast track program for confiscating mostly white-owned farms. 
 Saboteurs triggered an explosion Thursday in an oil well that is part of a vital oil field in northern Iraq, an official said. 
 More than 700 Pakistanis deported from Oman for immigration violations arrived home on a cargo ship Thursday, a charity official said, the second batch of returnees this week. 
 Montenegro will hold a referendum next year on independence from the Serbia-Montenegro union, the prime minister of the tiny Balkan republic said Thursday. 
 Daisuke Matsuzaka made the most of a perfect opportunity to showcase his talent. 
 President Hosni Mubarak on Thursday acknowledged that while Egypt had made significant reforms, it still had much to achieve, and said opposition parties, civil society and unions should have a greater role in Egypt's political life. 
 The U.S. military said Thursday two U.S. Marine helicopters were shot down in separate incidents near Fallujah and their crews were rescued. 
 Zoning in on a diagnosis for Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, who died Thursday from an undisclosed illness, should have been a fairly straightforward task, medical experts say. 
 A tiny attic room where Danish fairy tale writer Hans Christian Andersen briefly lived in the Danish capital was opened to the public Thursday. 
 Japan's military on Thursday shadowed an unidentified submarine that entered its territorial waters the day before, but officials said they had not yet figured out what country the intruder was from. 
 More than 4,000 inmates of Ivory Coast's largest penitentiary escaped through the sewers amid massive political violence and are believed hiding out in a forest in the middle of Abidjan, officials said Thursday. 
 Arnold Schwarzenegger is an old pro at promoting stuff in Japan. He's pitched beer, instant noodles, even "energy drinks." Well, he's back. And the Japanese are still eating him up. 
 Schalke has a lot of room to improve, according to its coach. That could be a scary thought for the rest of the Bundesliga. 
 The Vatican offered its condolences Thursday on the death of Yasser Arafat, calling him a leader of "great charisma" and expressing hope the time had come for Israel and the Palestinians to live in peace in two independent states. 
 If Texan actress Renee Zellweger has had enough of playing Bridget Jones, British fans would like to see an English star in the role. 
 Poland supported the United States in Iraq out of gratitude for its support in the past, the country's foreign minister said Thursday. 
 Croatia's ambassador to Washington suspended a young diplomat suspected of writing an Internet blog in which he ridiculed his job as well as the U.S. president and foreign officials, the Foreign Ministry said Thursday. 
 Iran on Thursday offered rare praise for Yasser Arafat, calling him a defender of the Palestinian people, and said his efforts for Palestinian rights should be clear to all. 
 An estimated 600 insurgents have been killed since the start of the battle of Fallujah on Monday night, the U.S. military said Thursday. 
 Israeli Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom dismissed allegations Thursday that Israel had killed Yasser Arafat as "scandalous and false." 
 A Nigerian high court on Thursday blocked an upcoming general strike meant to shut down oil exports in the world's seventh largest exporter. 
 President Vladimir Putin will make a two-day visit to Ukraine starting Friday, his second trip to the former Soviet republic during its presidential election campaign. 
 Bulgarian authorities have extradited to Austria a U.S. citizen, allegedly involved in fraud and money laundering worth millions of dollars (euros), the Interior Ministry said Thursday. 
 U.S. troops Thursday raided the homes of two Sunni Muslim clerics who had been critical of the U.S.-led attack Fallujah, a Sunni organization said. U.S. officials said they were unaware of the raids. 
 Japanese technology company Kyocera Corp. will become the chief sponsor of Borussia Moenchengladbach on Jan. 1, the Bundesliga club said Thursday. 
 Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has ordered the reduction of troops in the Indian-controlled portion of Kashmir, a senior government official said Thursday. 
 Palestinian militant leaders on Thursday publicly accused Israel of killing Yasser Arafat. 
 Arsonists set fire to a school and attempted to burn down two churches in the Netherlands, the latest in a series of attacks following the murder of a Dutch filmmaker by a suspected Muslim radical, police said Thursday. There were no injuries. 
 Violence in Venezuela's prisons has killed at least 247 inmates and injured 536 so far this year, a local human rights organization said in a media report Thursday. 
 The chief organizer of the Turin 2006 Winter Olympics withdrew his threat to resign Thursday after resolving a dispute with government officials over control of the games. 
 A Spanish military plane has evacuated 92 people from the Ivory Coast and is going back for more, officials said Thursday as a diplomat in the West African country reported a dramatic rise in violence. 
 Angry Palestinian refugees took to the streets of the Arab world Thursday, firing shots, burning American and Israeli flags and weeping in a display of emotion over the death of Yasser Arafat. Young Palestinian refugees brandished toy machine-guns in a Jordanian camp, signaling their fight for independence will continue. 
 European leaders on Thursday saluted Yasser Arafat's devotion to the Palestinian cause, mostly focusing on the positive side of his controversial legacy and expressing hope that his death might create an opportunity to achieve his dream of an independent state. 
 One by one, arthritis drugs that promised to ease pain without causing ulcers are losing their luster. 
 A biopsy has shown that a lump in Elizabeth Edwards' breast has not spread, a family spokesman said, as the wife of former Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards commenced chemotherapy. 
 Vincent D'Onofrio was taken to a hospital after fainting in New York following a rehearsal of "Law & Order: Criminal Intent." 
 The government on Thursday tried to soothe growing panic among people over an alleged radiation leak in a nuclear plant in neighboring Romania. 
 Paul Otellini, a 30-year Intel Corp. veteran who oversaw the launch of the Pentium processor in the 1990s, will replace chief executive Craig Barrett when he steps aside to become chairman in May, the chip giant's board of directors announced Thursday. 
 Smuggling rings based in southeastern Europe cost the European Union billions of euros (dollars) in lost taxes each year, a top EU official said Thursday. 
 A gunbattle Thursday left one person dead and two wounded in the tense southern city of Karachi, and prompted police to arrest 45 followers of a Sunni Muslim group, an officer said. 
 The mental health of the man who confessed to killing Foreign Minister Anna Lindh was debated in an all-day closed session of the Supreme Court on Thursday as medical experts gave conflicting views on whether he should be in prison or psychiatric care. 
 England's first Rugby World Cup triumph a year ago generated profits of 13.5 million pounds (US$24.8 million, euro19.26 million) despite the loss of revenue from a lack of home games. 
 Six South African judges have returned to work hearing appeals in Swaziland, ending a two-year absence from the bench in protest of the government's refusal to abide by their judgments. 
 British actor Hugh Grant says he has lost interest in acting and is heading into retirement. 
 Israel's foreign minister on Thursday ruled out the release from prison of Marwan Barghouti, a leading Palestinian figure who is widely seen as the strongest candidate to succeed Yasser Arafat. 
 Israeli troops, backed by tanks and helicopter gunships raided a Gaza Strip town Thursday, killing three Palestinians and wounding at least nine others, witnesses said. 
 BT Group PLC, Britain's largest phone company, reported a 14 percent increase in second quarter net profit on Thursday, as growth in mobile telecommunications, broadband and IT services outweighed more declines in its traditional residential telecoms revenue base. 
 An explosion tore through a coal mine in central China on Thursday, killing 27 workers, the government said. 
 Police said a car bomb triggered in the heart of Baghdad on Thursday killed 17 people, sending up plumes of thick black smoke above the central part of the Iraqi capital. 
 Hundreds of members of a yoga movement gathered Thursday in front of the headquarters of the country's main intelligence service to protest alleged abuses by authorities, who launched criminal investigations against members of the group. 
 The vice chairman of the Czech Soccer Association resigned Thursday following allegations of involvement in a bribery scandal that has rocked Czech soccer. 
 Austrian bishops want a ban on Sunday shopping to be included in the constitution, a news agency reported Thursday. 
 A Greek man was arrested in connection with the sale over the Internet of pirated Microsoft mechanical engineering software that cost the American company an estimated euro280 million ($360 million) in lost revenues, police said. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair's Labour government on Thursday ruled out changes to Britain's inheritance tax regime. 
 Ireland's ceremonial head of state, President Mary McAleese, was sworn in for a second term Thursday and pledged to make community-building a major theme of her next seven years in office. 
 The death toll from a fire at a building in the Siberian region of Tuva rose to 25, emergency officials said Thursday 
 A magnitude 6.3 earthquake rocked the northern Japanese island of Hokkaido Thursday. There were no immediate reports of injuries or damage. 
 Hungary's foreign minister said Thursday he was not optimistic lawmakers would approve a government plan to keep Hungarian troops in Iraq beyond the end of the year. 
 The State Department is welcoming what it describes as "the positive and constructive points" in a speech on China policy by Taiwanese President Chen Shui-bian. 
 Two suspected Islamic extremists arrested in the Netherlands following a standoff with police may be linked to a Moroccan jailed in Spain on suspicion of involvement in the Casablanca terrorist attack, officials said Thursday. 
 Three Iraqi contractors captured by militants were freed by U.S. Marines during a raid on a town bordering Syria, the military said Thursday. 
 Manchester City midfielder Claudio Reyna returned to training Thursday and may be fit to play against Blackburn Rovers _ and countryman Brad Friedel _ this weekend. 
 A former Bosnian Serb army officer pleaded innocent Thursday to war crimes and genocide charges at his initial appearance before the Yugoslav war crimes tribunal. 
 Pakistani troops on Thursday arrested four terror suspects in a troubled northwestern tribal region near Afghanistan, an army official said. 
 The government must intervene to prevent the site of the 1915 Battle of Loos in northern France from being turned into a garbage dump, a lawmaker said Thursday. 
 Burundi's Hutu President Domitien Ndayizeye on Thursday nominated a leader of the country's main Tutsi party to serve as his deputy, a day after firing his Tutsi vice president following a tussle over the country's new constitution. 
 Multiple blasts sounded after nightfall in the capital of Baghdad Thursday. 
 Croatia's Foreign Ministry said Thursday it was investigating whether a businessman hired to work in its New York consulate was involved in illegal activities while working for the U.S. pharmaceutical giant Pfizer. 
 Armenia's top prosecutor closed the criminal investigation into the 1999 shooting attack on parliament that killed this ex-Soviet republic's prime minister and seven other people, a decision that some politicians criticized Thursday as premature. 
 A group of parliamentarians asked the assembly on Thursday to investigate allegations that Albania's prime minister was involved in arms trafficking to Kosovo. 
 U.S. soldiers and Marines Thursday launched the second phase of their assault against Fallujah, attacking insurgents still holding out in the south of the city, U.S. officials said. 
 Investigators require more time to find the cause of the January crash of a Flash Airlines jet that killed 148 people, mostly French tourists, the head of the inquiry said Thursday. 
 Russia's tax authorities could levy millions of dollars (euros) in back taxes against BP PLC's Russian venture, a news agency reported Thursday, and other leading Russian oil companies are now facing new tax audits. 
 A head-on collision between a pick-up truck and a bus killed at least 12 people and injured 10 others Thursday in southern Pakistan, police said. 
 Inflation in Ireland rose last month to an annual 2.7 percent, largely because of the rising cost of fuel and school fees, the government's Central Statistics Office reported Thursday. 
 He scores plenty of goals. His attitude toward playing for his country is much better than it once was and he works hard for his club, Manchester City. 
 Hundreds of Palestinians threw rocks at Israeli cars and burned tires Thursday as demonstrators in the West Bank vented their outrage over the death of Yasser Arafat, the army said. 
 Police detained 89 illegal immigrants crammed into the trailer of a truck near Greece's border with Turkey, the latest in a rash of people-smuggling cases in recent days, authorities said. 
 Four former Microsoft Corp. employees were charged with stealing $32.4 million (euro25 million) worth of software and selling it on the side. 
 Prince Harry will receive no royal treatment when he joins the British army next year, the commander of his military college said Thursday. 
 Web surfing has belonged almost exclusively to Microsoft Corp.'s Internet Explorer ever since it buried Netscape's pioneering browser. 
 Norway's capital could not have been further removed from the chaos and bloodshed of the Middle East. Yet it was as a result of top-secret meetings here that two veteran warriors decided it was time to talk peace. 
 Calling the death of Yasser Arafat a "historic moment," Italy's vice premier called on the new Palestinian leadership Thursday to crack down on militant groups to help get the Mideast peace process back on track. 
 Some facts on Firefox: 
 A parliamentary committee flatly contradicted President Robert Mugabe's claim of a bumper harvest Thursday and warned that serious food shortages may occur next year. 
 Nortel Networks Corp., the Canadian telecommunications equipment maker, is delaying yet again the release of its much-anticipated financial reports but expects to have them ready early in the new year. 
 Robert Pires said in an interview Thursday that he understands coach Raymond Domenech's decision to drop him from the French squad. 
 There's no doubt about the main topic at Friday's annual meeting of Manchester United shareholders: Malcolm Glazer. 
 Congo's army has given Rwandan Hutu rebels two months to disarm or leave the volatile border region in east Congo _ or face strong action, a Congolese army spokesman said Thursday. 
 Former President Nelson Mandela said Thursday he was saddened by the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, whose dream of a Palestinian state had not yet been realized. 
 Tottenham fans knew little about Martin Jol when he joined the club as Jacques Santini's assistant at the start of the season. 
 A missing Bahamian college student was found shot to death along a road in rural Jamaica, police said Thursday. 
 Russian President Vladimir Putin will attend a rescheduled summit meeting with the European Union on Nov. 25, the two sides announced Thursday. 
 A former world champion runner from Kenya will face a retrial on a charge of rape, a judge said Thursday. 
 Norway and Denmark were preparing the voluntary evacuation of their citizens from the Ivory Coast on Thursday amid rising violence in the West African nation. 
 With a red nose, yellow tie, floppy shoes and three dozen clowns in tow, Dr. Hunter "Patch" Adams brought his medicine of laughter, jokes and humor to the children of a St. Petersburg hospital Thursday. 
 Yasser Arafat frustrated Arab leaders so much they sometimes greeted him with the brusque question: "When are you leaving?" He never trusted them, in turn. And there were years of backstabbing and dirty politics. 
 Most New Yorkers want the city to host the 2012 Olympics but don't believe a $1.4 billion (euro1.09 billion) stadium is needed to win the bid, according to a poll released Thursday. 
 West Indies cricket officials will meet next week with the regional players association to discuss allegations that they bypassed the group when inviting players to a training camp. 
 A majority of Britons support a ban on smoking in public places, and three-fourths want it snuffed out in restaurants, according to a poll published Thursday. 
 Nestle SA, the world's biggest food and drink company, plans to invest US$7 million (euro5.43 million) in Venezuela next year, company representatives said Thursday. 
 Quotes from around the world about the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat: 
 The U.N. health agency Thursday said it plans to use the Internet to help prostitutes in the global fight against HIV/AIDS. 
 The body of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat left French soil on Thursday on board an official French aircraft headed to Cairo, where the funeral service will be held. 
 Increasing rates of HIV/AIDS is threatening to destroy the social fabric of the Bahamas, the country's top health official said. 
 Relatives of 155 skiers and snowboarders who died when fire swept through a crowded alpine cable car marked the fourth anniversary of the disaster Thursday by dedicating a memorial to the victims. 
 Germany's fragile recovery slowed in the third quarter as exports slipped, with Europe's biggest economy growing by just 0.1 percent, according to government figures released Thursday that underlined concerns over high oil prices and the strong euro. 
 The body of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat left French soil on Thursday on board an official French aircraft headed to Cairo, where the funeral service will be held. 
 Venezuelans will vote next month on whether to recall nine opposition lawmakers, a director of the National Elections Council announced Thursday. 
 Ottawa Senators right wing Marian Hossa has signed a contract to play for Mora in the Swedish Elite League during the NHL lockout. 
 Dozens of human rights activists protested Thursday outside the U.S. Embassy against the treatment of prisoners captured in the war on terror. 
 Suspicions that the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat stashed money in Swiss banks are apparently unfounded, Foreign Minister Micheline Calmy-Rey said Thursday. 
 An international human rights group said Thursday the Ukrainian government had interfered in all stages of the presidential election campaign in the latest sign of concern over democracy in the ex-Soviet republic. 
 An armored truck carrying money from a bank, hit a land mine in southeastern Turkey Thursday, injuring three bank employees, officials said. 
 Three international agencies urged Asians on Thursday to take special health precautions when raising or handling domestic ducks, which may carry the bird flu virus without showing any symptoms. 
 Hungarian Prime Minister Ferenc Gyurcsany on Thursday congratulated U.S. President George W. Bush for his electoral victory and thanked him for helping to strengthen ties between the two countries. 
 Supermodel Claudia Schiffer gave birth to a baby girl in London Thursday. 
 The Diocese of Baton Rouge is settling a lawsuit with a man who accused a long-deceased bishop of abuse, and it is yanking the bishop's name from a high school. 
 McDonald's Corp., the fast-food restaurant giant, declined to confirm or deny a published report Thursday that its succession plan calls for vice chairman Jim Skinner to become interim chief executive if Charlie Bell has to step aside because of his battle with cancer. 
 Palmeiras midfielder Pedrinho was summoned to complete Brazil's injury-riddled squad for next week's World Cup qualifier against Ecuador. 
 The U.S. dollar was mixed against most other major currencies in European trading Thursday. Gold was also mixed. 
 Palestinian refugees scattered in Arab nations greeted word Thursday of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat's death with grief, anger and frustration, losing the man who instilled hope they may one day return home. 
 Organizers of a U.S. gay and lesbian conference said soul-searching was in order after the resounding voter passage of gay marriage bans in 11 states last week. 
 Hero or villain, statesman or terrorist _ Yasser Arafat proved as divisive in death as he was in life. Leaders around the world on Thursday saluted his devotion to the Palestinian cause as several Arab nations declared days of mourning. But U.S. President George W. Bush said only that Arafat's death was "a significant moment in Palestinian history," and many Israelis expressed satisfaction at his passing. 
 Lawmakers in the southern German state of Bavaria approved legislation Thursday that bars Muslim teachers from wearing head scarves at school, following the argument that the scarf has become a political rather than a religious symbol. 
 British troops will go to the Ivory Coast to assist in the evacuation of British citizens, Secretary of Defense Geoff Hoon said Thursday. 
 European Union regulators have raided leading manufacturers and importers of bathroom fixtures in Austria, Belgium, Germany, Italy and the Netherlands as part of an investigation into suspected cartel activity, the EU said Thursday. 
 India's prime minister on Thursday ordered a reduction in the number of troops in the Indian-controlled portion of Kashmir, saying a decline in separatist violence in the Himalayan region prompted the decision. 
 The government declared a state of emergency in eight Colombian states which have been flooded amid continued torrential rains that have killed 17 people and damaged 190,000 shops and homes, authorities said Thursday. 
 Legislators on Thursday voted to endorse a leader of the country's main Tutsi party to become the new vice president, a day after President Domitien Ndayizeye fired his Tutsi vice president following a tussle over the country's new constitution. 
 Nina Kraft, winner of last month's Hawaii Ironman competition, acknowledged Thursday that she had used the banned endurance-boosting drug EPO. 
 The FBI and U.S. attorney's office are investigating the apparent theft of about $350,000 in checks from a Democratic campaign committee, federal law enforcement and Democratic Party officials said Thursday. 
 Police checkpoints that have surrounded the Capitol since last August were gone Thursday following a postelection decision by authorities to lower the threat level. 
 Investors embraced the Federal Reserve's upbeat assessment of the economy and a drop in crude oil futures Thursday, giving stocks a moderate lift. 
 President George W. Bush paused on U.S. Veterans Day Thursday to honor American soldiers who have died in Iraq and Afghanistan during his presidency and in wars past. As he spoke, U.S. warplanes and artillery pounded insurgents west of Baghdad. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair said Thursday the international community must make peace in the Middle East its highest priority, as he traveled to Washington for talks with U.S. President George W. Bush. 
 China Petroleum & Chemical Corp. is talking with a private Venezuelan oil firm to develop an offshore oil field, a source familiar with the talks said Thursday. 
 Hundreds of Madonna fans queued for 24 hours outside a central London bookstore where the pop singer signed copies of her new children's book Thursday. 
 More Army and Marine reservists have died in Iraq since the start of the Fallujah offensive than in any comparable period since American forces entered Iraq in March 2003. 
 Colombia's new army chief said Thursday the government is winning in its offensive against Marxist rebels in their jungle strongholds. 
 The Coca-Cola Co. is lowering its long-term targets for earnings and sales volume growth amid continuing weakness in key markets including North America. But the world's biggest soft drink company also plans to boost spending on marketing its core brands. 
 President Thabo Mbeki met briefly with Ivorian opposition leaders Thursday to open peace talks on the crisis in the Ivory Coast. 
 Germany could be stripped of the Olympic gold medal in the equestrian team jumping event after a horse's backup doping sample tested positive for banned substances. 
 An 80-year-old veteran of World War II was killed Thursday morning when a van backed over him as he prepared to march in a Veterans Day parade. 
 Musicians including Chrissie Hynde, Mick Hucknall and Scottish band Franz Ferdinand will perform at a concert next month for the people of Sudan's war-torn Darfur province, the United Nations refugee agency said Thursday. 
 Walter Pozzebon replaced injured left winger Denis Dallan in the only change to Italy for its rugby union test against New Zealand at Flaminio Stadium on Saturday. 
 Insurgents launched attacks Thursday in Iraq's third largest city, raiding police stations, political offices and other targets. U.S. and Iraqi forces were battling guerrillas hours later, and a U.S. official acknowledged it could take "some time" to secure the city. 
 Prince Charles took a swipe at the fast-food culture Thursday as he launched a campaign to get more Britons eating mutton. 
 When expectant Palestinian mother Safra Hassan went into labor Thursday morning, she told her husband, Rafiq, she wanted to call the child Yasser, after Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, who died in a Paris hospital hours earlier. 
 Medical staff at a U.S. military hospital in southwest Germany are expanding bed capacity to care for a stream of wounded from Fallujah, officials said Thursday. 
 Two car bombs on Thursday injured eight persons, including four policemen, while the police chief escaped an assassination attempt as his guards and gunmen exchanged fire in Iraq's Babil province, police said. 
 A partial list of evacuation measures as reported by governments or airports for Ivory Coast, where loyalist street uprisings drove citizens of at least 43 nations from their homes in West Africa's economic hub: 
 Palestinians at home and abroad wept, waved flags and burned tires in an eruption of grief at the death of Yasser Arafat, the man they consider the father of their nation, and quickly elevated his No. 2 in the PLO as their top leader. 
 An international panel headed by Nobel-prize winner Elie Wiesel said Thursday that pro-Nazi Romanian authorities killed hundreds of thousands of Jews and tens of thousands of Gypsies during World War II. 
 Records from pricey retailers including Bergdorf Goodman and Nordstrom were among hundreds of pages of documents seized by investigators in Michael Jackson's child molestation case, according to court records. 
 Struggling Italian airliner Alitalia SpA reported a narrower operating loss for its third quarter on Thursday, noting that the improvement came despite higher fuel costs. 
 Diners accustomed to puffing smoke after a meal at their favorite hole-in-the-wall restaurant in Nuevo Leon state could face fines and detention starting next week. 
 Three Iraqi civilians were killed and three others injured in crossfire between U.S. troops and insurgents in a central Iraqi city, a police officer said Thursday. 
 Poland's president expressed his condolences Thursday to Palestinians over the death of Yasser Arafat, but said he sees the passing of the "colorful and controversial" figure as a chance for fresh peace efforts in the Middle East. 
 Wales is set to announce its new soccer coach on Friday with John Toshack favored to get the job for the second time. 
 Russian President Vladimir Putin hosted his Kyrgyz counterpart Askar Akayev for talks focused on bilateral relations and military cooperation Thursday, saying that relations between the two former Soviet countries were developing "quite intensively." 
 Former Gov. Pedro Rossello filed a lawsuit in an effort to speed a recount in an extremely close governor's race and settle a dispute over which candidate will lead Puerto Rico. 
 The skies over Fallujah are so crowded with U.S. military aircraft that they are layered in stacks above the city, from low-flying helicopters and swooping attack jets to a jet-powered unmanned spy drone that flies above 18,000 meters (60,000 feet). 
 Michael Moore plans a follow-up to "Fahrenheit 9/11," his hit documentary that assails President George W. Bush over the handling of the Sept. 11 attacks and the war on terrorism, according to a Hollywood trade paper. 
 Three-time former winner Marcus Gronholm of Finland made a strong start to the Rally Australia on Thursday, steering his Peugeot to a slim early lead after the first stage. 
 Retired U.S. Gen. Tommy Franks, who commanded last year's invasion of Iraq, said Thursday the assault on the Iraqi city of Fallujah would mark the beginning of the end of the war. 
 Police dropped their investigation into the abduction of the mother of Santos striker Robinho at the family's request. 
 Estonian Prime Minister Juhan Parts said Thursday that his small Baltic state would be ready to host the European Union's rotating presidency by 2013. 
 2004_Johan Santana-x, Minnesota 
 Drifting slowly like a dense crimson cloud, three million poppy petals fell over the River Thames in central London Thursday as part of a Remembrance Day tribute to British servicemen and women killed in action. 
 The Pentagon's top general said Thursday that the assault on Iraq's rebel-controlled Fallujah has been "very, very successful," despite suspicions that many insurgents had simply fled before it began. 
 Europe's top human rights official warned Thursday that governments around the world are continuing to use the fight against terror to overstep the boundaries of democracy. 
 Baseball-crazed Venezuelans celebrated pitcher Johan Santana's award as the American League Cy Young winner on Thursday. 
 Health secretaries from 55 countries will gather in Mexico's capital next week with the central aim of determining how best to distribute existing medical knowledge and technology to the poor and forgotten corners of the world that need it most. 
 Eighteen U.S. troops and five Iraqi government soldiers have been killed in action so far since the start of the assault on Fallujah, the U.S. command said Thursday. 
 Venezuelan pitcher Johan Santana of the Minnesota Twins was a unanimous pick for the American League Cy Young Award on Thursday, rewarded for helping his team win its third straight division title. 
 Officials have banned cameras and tape recorders at the retrial of Shining Path rebel leader Abimael Guzman after defendants staged a demonstration at the first hearing. 
 Major League Soccer and its players' union tentatively agreed on a five-year labor contract Thursday, ending nearly 1 1/2 years of negotiations. 
 Villarreal's Brazilian midfielder Marcos Senna was suspended by UEFA for 60 days for failing a doping test, the Spanish club said in a statement posted on its Web site Thursday. 
 A World Health Organization committee has recommended approval for scientists to add a gene to the smallpox virus to make it easier to determine whether drugs developed since the disease was eradicated will work well, the U.N. agency said Thursday. 
 In the opening scene, actor Robert Blake and his wife, Bonny Lee Bakley, are leaving the restaurant. He goes back inside. A vehicle pulls alongside the couple's car and Bakley's hit by gunfire. The killer is not shown. 
 Italy is willing to bid for the 2012 European Championship depending on government funds for improving stadiums. 
 A member of Iraq's National Assembly urged Canada on Thursday to send peacekeepers to help stabilize the war-ravaged country. 
 Kicking off the first state visit to Mexico by a Swiss president, Joseph Deiss discussed trade and international security issues with Mexican President Vicente Fox. 
 Puerto Rico banks have loaned developers $107 million to build a mega yacht marina in the U.S. Virgin Islands, officials said Thursday. 
 Real Madrid striker and three-time FIFA Player of the Year Ronaldo and his girlfriend, model Daniella Cicarelli, traveled to Rome Thursday to shop for wedding clothes at Valentino's. 
 A wireless message relayed to a ship rescuing survivors from the Titanic _ and sent by Guglielmo Marconi, the creator of wireless radio _ was sold at a British auction house Thursday. 
 Gold for current delivery closed at $434.90 per troy ounce Thursday on the New York Mercantile Exchange, up from $434.00 late Wednesday. 
 A U.S. court has ruled that two officials of family owned Goya Foods Inc. were justified in removing the company's longtime head _ their uncle _ and his son from their posts. 
 The road to White House counsel Alberto Gonzales' confirmation as the first Hispanic U.S. attorney general may run through two controversial places: the notorious Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq and Texas's death row. 
 About 200 police officers attended a union meeting Thursday instead of going to work, aiming to pressure Antigua and Barbuda's government for a pay increase. 
 First, Georgia's education chief tried to take the word "evolution" out of the state's science curriculum. Now a suburban Atlanta county is in federal court over textbook stickers that call evolution "a theory, not a fact." 
 An aircraft carrying Princess Anne, Queen Elizabeth II's only daughter, was involved in a near miss Thursday with a British fighter plane over northern England. 
 CBS News is still awaiting the conclusion of the independent investigation into its discredited "60 Minutes Wednesday" report on President George W. Bush's National Guard service, a network spokeswoman said Thursday. 
 President George W. Bush says he hopes Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat's death will clear the way for successful Mideast peace negotiations with new Palestinian leaders. 
 Universidad de Chile, one of Chile's most popular soccer clubs, may be closed, at least temporarily, if it fails to pay salaries to its office personnel and make government pension payments within 20 days. 
 The stock market closed. 
 Several faculty members at Hamilton College are protesting the school's decision to hire a visiting professor who was convicted of possessing explosives as a former leftist radical in the 1980s. 
 Some people have a genetic variation that may help them resist the human form of mad cow disease, a study in mice suggests. But when infection does occur the disease takes a different form, meaning there may be unrecognized cases in the population, British researchers say. 
 Last week's U.S. presidential election has been described by many as one in which morality mattered most to voters. But that perception may be driven at least partially by how pollsters asked voters about their priority issues. 
 Upon Yasser Arafat's death, the Vatican and religious leaders worldwide issued heartfelt pleas for renewed peace efforts. But their reactions reflected long-standing disagreements about both the Palestinian leader himself and the intractable Mideast situation. 
 Nigeria will host a summit of African leaders over the weekend to discuss the crisis in Ivory Coast, where a week of violence has led western nations to evacuate thousands of their nationals, a presidential spokeswoman said Thursday. 
 Despite Republican gains, President George W. Bush's picks for potential vacancies on the Supreme Court will face "political firestorm" in the Senate, the Bush administration's former chief lawyer at the high court said Thursday. 
 Italian Premier Silvio Berlusconi expressed hope that Palestinians will work peacefully to achieve statehood after the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat. After protests from both within the government and the opposition, Italy announced it was upgrading its delegation to Arafat's funeral. 
 Henrik Zetterberg tipped in a shot for Sweden to beat Russia 2-1 and the Czech Republic blanked defending European Hockey Tour champion Finland 3-0 in Karjala Cup openers on Thursday. 
 Chris Byrd and Jameel McCline are good friends who both happen to make a living hitting people in the ring. 
 He's so exuberant his teammates sometimes tell him to tone it down. Then again, it's hard to blame Freddy Adu. 
 Following a 51-6 rout from Italy, Canada coach Ric Suggitt made seven personnel and three positional changes to his test side to play World Cup champion England at Twickenham on Saturday. 
 Leading scorers in Italy's Serie A following Thursday's Messina-Palermo Round 11 match (penalties in parentheses): 
 The Iraqi government warned news organizations Thursday to distinguish between insurgents and ordinary civilians in coverage of the fighting in Fallujah and to promote the leadership's position or face unspecified legal action. 
 The following dignitaries are expected at Yasser Arafat's funeral in Cairo on Friday, according to Palestinian and Egyptian planners and other officials. 
 Chinese President Hu Jintao arrived Thursday in Brazil in a bid to strengthen trade ties with South America's biggest economy and obtain recognition of his country as a market economy. 
 The options for male contraception have been limited to condoms and vasectomies. But researchers now point to a new method that shows promise _ a shot that prompts an immune reaction to a protein produced in the male reproductive system. 
 CBS apologized Thursday for breaking into its popular prime-time drama "CSI: NY" for a special report on Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat's death, blaming an "overly aggressive" producer. 
 Delta pilots handed the struggling airline a huge victory Thursday in its effort to avoid bankruptcy, agreeing to slash their salaries by more than $1 billion (euro780 million) and receive no pay raises through 2009. 
 Kurt Busch has learned a lot during his four years in stock-car racing's top series. He just hopes that knowledge is enough to carry him and his Roush Racing team to a NASCAR Nextel Cup championship. 
 A small, white-bearded man lay on a blue blanket spread across three airliner seats, dressed in a track suit, snoozing his way over the Atlantic. 
 Marine Cpl. David Antonio Garcia stood on the deck of an aircraft carrier Thursday and was sworn in as an American citizen _ after already serving under the U.S. flag in Iraq. 
 Baseball-crazed Venezuelans celebrated pitcher Johan Santana's award as the American League Cy Young winner on Thursday. 
 The widely respected anchorman and news director of the main evening newscast on TV networks in Premier Silvio Berlusconi's media empire told viewers Thursday he was being replaced, immediately sparking concern among fellow journalists and some politicians of possible conflict between Berlusconi's political and business interests. 
 Bill Cosby says the opinions he's expressed in his controversial prodding of fellow blacks are consistent with what he's done as an entertainer for more than 40 years. 
 The United Nations appealed for US$1.7 billion (euro1.32 billion) Thursday to help 26 million people suffering in some of the world's forgotten disaster zones. 
 Nearly a half-century ago, Dolores Hart was a blue-eyed, blonde actress starring next to Elvis Presley in the film "Loving You." In a switch of biblical proportions, she's now the Rev. Mother Dolores Hart, prioress of a Roman Catholic abbey devoted to prayer and a 160-hectare (400-acre) farm in Bethlehem, Connecticut. 
 The three top executives at the American Stock Exchange received Wells notices from the Securities and Exchange Commission as part of an investigation into options trading and regulatory issues at the exchange, Amex confirmed Thursday. 
 Everyone at Hendrick Motorsports was surprised last week when the boss paid an unannounced visit to the team's complex in Charlotte, North Carolina. 
 The dollar changed little against the euro in quiet Veterans' Day trading Thursday, remaining well off the all-time low it touched against the single currency on Wednesday. 
 Mexican stocks rose to another record high Thursday amid heavy purchases from foreign investors and strong interest in retailer Walmex. 
 Crude oil futures gave up more than a dollar a barrel Thursday to settle for the second time this week below $48, reflecting expectations of an increase in U.S. petroleum supplies. 
 A senior CIA officer who has become an outspoken critic of the fight on terrorism turned in his resignation this week, citing a desire to speak more freely about problems in the hunt for Osama bin Laden and the debate over intelligence reform. 
 Oil prices fell below US$48 a barrel Thursday as markets digested news of a rise in crude inventories but lower-than-expected U.S. heating oil stocks. A Nigerian high court also banned a planned general strike that would have targeted oil exports _ a situation that had been worrying traders. 
 The Panama Canal took in a record-high US$1 billion (euro776 million) in revenue in fiscal year 2004, which ended last month, the independent Canal Authority reported Thursday. 
 The daughter of a relative of Iraq's prime minister appealed Thursday for her parents' release after kidnappers abducted them, possibly to pressure the Iraqi leader to call off the offensive in Fallujah. 
 U.S. and Iraqi troops battling their way through Fallujah stumbled on a horrific find _ a small, windowless room with blood-soaked mattresses and straw mats on the floor that U.S. commanders are calling a "hostage slaughterhouse." 
 Substitute midfielder Thorstein Helstad scored his second goal in the 90th minute, giving Norway's Rosenborg a 4-4 draw with Djurgarden of Sweden and avoiding a stunning home loss in a in their Royal League opener Thursday night. 
 The United Nations refugee agency said Thursday it is pulling staff out of part of Sudan's conflict-ravaged Darfur region to protest government restrictions on the aid workers. 
 A man was sentenced to 195 years in prison Thursday for sexually assaulting female mall workers and young children over several years in Wisconsin. 
 Elizabeth Edwards, wife of former Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards, thanked supporters on Thursday for their thoughts and prayers as she battles breast cancer. 
 European nations need to think more seriously about how terrorism affects them, even in far-off places like Afghanistan, NATO's secretary-general said Thursday. 
 A judge released on bail Thursday four Africans who had been jailed when they appealed to police for asylum in the South American country of Guyana. 
 The government made a last ditch attempt Thursday to end a Parliamentary stalemate over its controversial plan to ban fox hunting after lawmakers in the House of Lords voted against the proposal. 
 Scotland coach Matt Williams drafted five players and Japan named a largely inexperienced lineup for their rugby union test at Perth on Saturday. 
 More than a dozen reputed street gang members, organized crime associates, pharmacists and college students have been arrested for their parts in an alleged ring that sold the powerful painkiller OxyContin in the Boston area, authorities said Thursday. 
 A man who had his left leg blown off by a mortar during fighting against U.S. forces in Afghanistan appeared before a U.S. military review panel, an official said Thursday. 
 Dell Inc. said its profit surged 25 percent in the third quarter as the world's largest personal computer maker posted record sales due to rising technology spending in the corporate and government sectors in the United States and abroad. 
 A federal panel that has spent two years reviewing studies of Gulf War illnesses recommends focusing future research on the effects of the toxic substances that veterans encountered during the 1991 conflict. 
 Today is Friday, November 19, the 323rd day of 2004. There are 42 days left in the year. 
 Staring with tears in their eyes, Ivory Coast's people emerged from their homes to survey the wreckage of five days of violent upheaval _ and stock up with food against any feared next round. 
 Despite Republican gains, President George W. Bush's picks for potential vacancies on the Supreme Court will face "political firestorm" in the Senate, the Bush administration's former chief lawyer at the high court said. 
 An influential World Health Organization committee is sending shock waves through the scientific community with its recommendation that researchers be permitted to conduct genetic-engineering experiments with the smallpox virus. 
 Yasser Arafat's death brought a rare glimmer of optimism to the Middle East, with world leaders talking about the possibility of a new era. But the window of opportunity for peace could quickly close with a chaotic transition, a rise of militants or a failure by either side to seize the moment. 
 Charlie Sifford only wanted a chance to play. 
 WASHINGTON _ More than two years ago, President George W. Bush cut off all U.S. contact with Yasser Arafat, considering him failed and corrupt. He never invited the Palestinian leader to the White House even as he held out hopes of helping the Palestinians achieve statehood. 
 The U.S. dollar was trading at 106.68 yen on the Tokyo foreign exchange market at 9 a.m. (0000 GMT) Friday, down 0.25 yen from late Thursday. 
 Dutch lawmakers accused the government of underestimating the threat from Islamic terrorists and failing to protect a filmmaker killed by a suspected Muslim radical. 
 Middle East countries from Egypt to the Persian Gulf have shown new resolve to counter Islamic militants who have staged bloody attacks at home and fueled the Iraq insurgency, a sign of how the global war against terrorism has stirred regimes' survival instincts. 
 A look at some of the measures Arab nations have planned to fight terrorism in the wake of the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks: 
 Dapper Tom Wolfe likes everything just so. 
 Tom Hanks used experimental technology to morph into a little boy, a train conductor, a hobo and Santa Claus for the new Christmas adventure "The Polar Express." 
 Pedro Almodovar brings a small white pad to an interview, and while he speaks, he quietly sketches a detailed drawing of a pen sitting on the table. 
 A car full of dudes. Radio blaring. Annoying guy in the back singing off-key to Shania Twain's "Man, I Feel Like a Woman" while his buddies look seriously uncomfortable. 
 Over the past two decades, New Edition has managed to overcome the kind of obstacles that have sent other groups hurtling into "Whatever Happened To ..." territory. 
 From the gusto of Harlem to dreamscapes of the rustic South, Romare Bearden portrayed the strivings of black Americans in an era of tumultuous social change. 
 Money from North Carolina textile mills allowed Claribel and Etta Cone to assemble one of the great collections of modern art, filled with works by Henri Matisse and Pablo Picasso. 
 Author Lily Tuck says she would be pleased to see any of the five National Book Awards fiction finalists receive the prize, a generous statement given that Tuck herself is among the nominees. 
 Peter Sarsgaard will take the leftovers, thank you. 
 Pixar Animation Studios reported higher third quarter earnings on home video sales of its five animated films, most notably last year's hit "Finding Nemo." 
 As Peter Matthiessen enjoys a lunch of borscht and bread on the patio outside his kitchen, he looks about the land he has owned for 45 years _ the pasture and the pear trees, the main house and meditation house _ and beholds a contradiction. 
 "Fade to Black," which documents the concert that had been billed as Jay-Z's last, probably was a lot more poignant for the people who packed Madison Square Garden that night than it will be for moviegoers. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair sought consensus with President George W. Bush to make peace in the Middle East an urgent priority, exploring whether the death of Yasser Arafat offers new avenues for restarting Israeli-Palestinian talks. 
 People in Hollywood should never work with children or animals, W.C. Fields once said. Maybe that should be expanded to hyper-realistic computer-generated children and reindeer, too. 
 "Another year, another diary," Renee Zellweger intones in her now flawless British accent at the start of "Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason." 
 An explosion in a coal mine has killed 29 miners in the same Chinese province where a blast at another mine claimed nearly 150 lives last month, the government said Friday. 
 U.S. troops battled Iraqi insurgents in southern Fallujah and the market district in the west of the city, as guerrillas launched attacks in one of Iraq's major cities in a possible bid to relieve pressure on their allies here. 
 With its intelligent subject matter, "Kinsey" is giddy, even borderline orgasmic, with the possibility of discovery. 
 With his post-James Bond track record, maybe Pierce Brosnan should not be so quick to say goodbye to the super spy. 
 Lithe women traditionally have played Peter Pan, but Johnny Depp could slip on the tights and put in a convincing turn as the boy who won't grow up. 
 A delegation from the human rights group Amnesty International expressed concern Thursday about "serious problems" in Haiti's police force and justice system as the team ended a visit after more than a month of sporadic violence. 
 Federal prosecutors will seek the death penalty for Mafia kingpin Joseph Massino, known as "the last don." He would be the first mob chief put to death at the hands of the government in decades. 
 India's prime minister has ordered a reduction in troops in the Indian-controlled portion of Kashmir this winter, citing a decline in separatist violence in the disputed Himalayan territory. 
 The former prime minister of Somalia, now a resident of Virginia, was sued for allegedly allowing war crimes and other human rights abuses to be committed in the 1980s. 
 It might seem tame fare, but Bollywood movies, Western pop videos and even Charlton Heston in "The Ten Commandments" have got Afghanistan's fledgling cable TV stations in hot water. 
 Actor Karl Malden, who won an Oscar for his performance in the 1951 film "A Streetcar Named Desire," has received the Monte Cristo Award for his lifetime of stage work. 
 Gold opened at US$434.25 an ounce on Friday in Hong Kong, down 20 cents an ounce from Thursday's close of US$434.45. 
 Iraq can learn from the recent history of El Salvador, a country wracked by civil war that has developed into a stable democracy and close U.S. ally, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Thursday. 
 President George W. Bush will begin a second term barely a year after the United States had its first case of mad cow disease and as Japan and other countries maintain bans on U.S. beef. 
 Olympic champion Germany rallied twice from a goal down to draw a spirited New Zealand 2-2 and remain unbeaten in the Women's Champions Trophy on Thursday. 
 Iraq's interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi defended the Fallujah assault, saying in a British tabloid newspaper Friday that the offensive has the support of most Iraqi people and is necessary to enable elections in January. 
 Grace Park birdied the last three holes in a 6-under 66 Thursday that left her in a four-way tie after the first round of the LPGA Tournament of Champions. 
 U.S. defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld called El Salvador "a strong ally in the fight against terror" on Thursday during a Veteran's Day visit to this Central American country, which has 380 troops in Iraq. 
 England should finally recover from a long and painful World Cup hangover by crushing Canada on Saturday. 
 A strong earthquake rocked parts of eastern Indonesia early Friday, killing one person, injuring 22 and damaging hundreds of buildings, meteorological officials and witnesses said. 
 A man shot in the head by police as he held a Mexican consulate employee hostage has died, Mexican authorities said. 
 It's a lesson children learn even before their ABCs _ say you're sorry when you hurt someone. But it's now being taught in the grown-up world of medicine as a surprisingly powerful way to soothe patients and head off malpractice lawsuits. 
 Intense emotions of both sorrow and defiance were likely to continue across the Middle East on Friday, the day Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat was to be honored by international dignitaries with a military funeral in Egypt. 
 Members of Walt Disney World's largest union group rejected a contract proposal for a third time and authorized union leaders to call a strike if necessary. 
 New Zealand's ruling Labour Party had an 11 percentage point lead over the main opposition National Party in an opinion poll published Friday. 
 A third Mexico City official was heard on a video discussing what appeared to be political favors with a businessman charged with corruption, making her the latest in a parade of scandal-smeared officials of the leftist Democratic Revolution Party, or PRD. 
 Australian unions said Friday they will encourage unions in the United States and Europe to launch protests against building products giant James Hardie if local asbestos victims are not adequately compensated. 
 Malaysian police are accusing an Indian woman of serving her husband a curry laced with sedatives before strangling him and burying his body in their backyard, news reports said Friday. 
 Amelie Mauresmo routed Vera Zvonareva 6-1, 6-0 in 54 minutes at the WTA Championships on Thursday night, extending her winning streak to nine matches as the Frenchwoman tries to overtake Lindsay Davenport for the year-end No. 1 ranking. 
 Malaysian police are accusing an Indian woman of serving her husband a curry laced with sedatives before strangling him and burying his body in their backyard, news reports said Friday. 
 Five men armed with pistols held up a bus carrying European and Mexican tourists on a highway on Mexico's southern Pacific coast early Thursday, robbed the 39 passengers, beat two of them and sexually abused one. 
 Suspected Islamic insurgents fatally shot a boxing instructor in southern Thailand on Friday, while village guards turned in government-issue shotguns for fear they might be seized by militants seeking the weapons. 
 Singapore will become only the second country to sign a comprehensive trade pact with India when they ink a deal after a regional leaders' summit in Laos later this month, the government and local media said Friday. 
 Crude oil futures rose in Asia on Friday, with traders nervously monitoring heating oil supplies as cold weather sets in the Northern Hemisphere and workers in Nigeria threatened to go ahead with a strike. 
 State security agents arrested a prominent member of the unofficial Chinese Protestant church as part of a renewed crackdown on religious activities outside Communist Party control, an overseas activist group reported Friday. 
 A survey showed Friday that many Indonesians support the implementation of strict Islamic law, with nearly 60 percent saying they want adulterers to be whipped and 40 percent backing cutting off a thief's hand. 
 A British rights group alleged Friday that a prominent Indonesian human rights activist who died during a flight to Amsterdam was poisoned to death. 
 Dirk Nowitzki scored 41 points and Marquis Daniels added 22 to help the Dallas Mavericks beat Miami 113-93 Thursday night, handing the Heat their first loss of the season and ending their franchise-record 14-game home winning streak. 
 Shanghai is cracking down on gamblers drawn to an ancient bloodsport forcing opponents into a gruesome battle to the death: cricket fighting. 
 A passenger train speeding along a bad section of track derailed and overturned several times in a ravine before dawn Friday, killing at least 10 people and injuring 120, Philippine officials said. 
 U.S. network equipment giant Cisco Systems Inc. said Friday it has been chosen by China's biggest telecoms company to build a next-generation backbone network. 
 A revered Hindu cleric has been arrested in southern India over his alleged involvement in the slaying of a worker at a local temple, police said Friday. 
 South Korea will lift a ban on oranges from California but continue to block imports of American beef, officials announced Friday. 
 An Australian army officer safely landed a British helicopter in Iraq after its pilot was hit by gunfire this week, the defense department said Friday. 
 Five ships left a southern Japanese port Friday for a five-month whale hunt in the Antarctic Ocean, an official said, in the country's latest research expedition that critics denounce as commercial whaling in disguise. 
 Pakistan said Friday that India's decision to reduce its troops in its portion of Kashmir this winter could give a boost to peace talks aimed at ending more than five decades of enmity between the South Asian nuclear rivals. 
 Five police officers were charged with dangerous driving Friday for being part of a high-speed motorcade that whisked New Zealand's prime minister to an airport so she could catch a plane to watch a rugby match. 
 The South African cricket team arrived in Bombay on Friday ahead of its two-test series against India. 
 The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues closed at 11,019.98 points on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Friday, up 173.06 points, or 1.60 percent, from Thursday. 
 An explosion in an illegally run coal mine killed 33 miners in the same Chinese province where a blast at another mine claimed nearly 150 lives last month, the government said Friday. 
 China's flag-carrier Air China Ltd. hopes to raise US$1 billion (euro775 million) in an initial public offering in Hong Kong next month, Dow Jones Newswires reported Friday. 
 Japanese orders are coming in strong for Nintendo Co.'s new portable video-game machine, with the company reporting more than 2 million local orders in just a week, the company said Friday. 
 Cabinet ministers in Vanuatu met Friday to discuss a recent controversy over whether their country had established diplomatic relations with Taiwan, despite its current ties with Taiwan's main rival, China. 
 Crude oil futures rose in Asia on Friday, with traders nervously monitoring heating oil supplies as cold weather sets in the Northern Hemisphere and workers in Nigeria threatened to go ahead with a strike. 
 Russian military troops in Chechnya will by the start of next year no longer include conscripts, Defense Minister Sergei Ivanov said. 
 Austrian regulators have approved Siemens AG's bid to takeover engineering competitor VA Technologie AG, Austrian radio said Friday. 
 James Franklin and Ian Butler took three wickets each Friday but the New Zealanders failed to contain New South Wales in the opening match of their Australian cricket tour. 
 Gold bullion opened Friday at a bid price of US$435.38 a troy ounce, up from US$434.60 late Thursday. 
 India's move to reduce its troops in disputed Kashmir this winter could boost peace talks with Pakistan aimed at ending more than a half-century of enmity between the nuclear rivals, Pakistan said Friday. 
 The U.S. dollar was trading at 106.10 yen on the Tokyo foreign exchange market at 5 p.m. (0800 GMT) Friday, down 0.83 yen from late Thursday. 
 A 77-year-old Japanese woman mistakenly gave away a kimono containing 2 million yen (US$18,700; euro14,491) she had sewn into the garment, but the cash was returned about a month later, a police spokesman said Friday. 
 Albanian lawmakers approved an international consortium's bid to renovate the country's main airport, the parliament press office reported Friday. 
 A court in Tajikistan has sentenced 20 members of a banned radical Islamic group to three to eight years in jail, officials said Friday. 
 Iraqi security forces, backed by U.S. troops, have arrested a hardline Sunni cleric and about two dozen others after a raid of his Baghdad mosque uncovered weapons caches along with photographs of recent attacks on American troops, the U.S. military and the Iraqi National Guard said. 
 Tokyo's main index climbed 1.6 percent Friday, encouraged by Wall Street's surge overnight and a retreat in oil prices, shrugging off weaker-than-expected data on Japanese growth. The U.S. dollar was lower against the yen. 
 Bulgarian anti-trust regulators approved the sale of a mobile phone license to the country's telecommunications company, a move that will push forward the government's sale of the firm to a foreign investor, regulators said Friday. 
 A U.S. soldier was killed during fighting in northern Iraq, the U.S. military said. 
 Australian coach John Buchanan has supported moves to relax rules for bowlers, rejecting a barrage of criticism directed at the reforms and saying the change is good for cricket. 
 Latvian soccer club Skonto Riga won a European record 14th straight league championship with three first-half goals in a 6-0 drubbing of Ditton Daugavpils. 
 The U.S.-Russian crew manning the International Space Station will redock a spaceship later this month in preparation for spacewalks planned for next year, Russian Mission Control said Friday. 
 Latvian head coach Aleksandrs Starkovs has named his squad for next week's World Cup qualifier against Liechtenstein. 
 Gold closed at US$436.25 an ounce on Friday in Hong Kong, up US$1.80 an ounce from Thursday's close of US$434.45. 
 The replacement of the anchorman of the main evening newscast on Premier Silvio Berlusconi's TV networks has sparked concern among fellow journalists and some politicians of a possible conflict between Berlusconi's political and business interests. 
 A Vietnamese ship and its 12-member crew have been unlawfully detained in Tanzania for nearly four months in a business dispute dating back five years that doesn't even involve the ship, officials say. 
 A U.S. soldier was crushed to death when his tank rolled over near Fallujah, the U.S. military said Friday. 
 The Albanian parliament has approved keeping a military presence in Bosnia after the European Union takes over the peacekeeping mission in the country, a spokesman said Friday. 
 Hundreds of men trying to flee the assault on Fallujah have been turned back by U.S. troops following orders to allow only women, children and the elderly to leave. 
 Ameera Dawoud is a Christian, but as soon as the Islamic holy month of Ramadan began, she traded her pants, fitted skirts and uncovered hair for oversize clothes and a veil. 
 An explosion ripped through a car that police had tried unsuccessfully to stop in the troubled southern Russian region of Dagestan, wounding the driver and killing the passenger, police said Friday. 
 Television audiences watching Yasser Arafat's funeral in Cairo Friday got a rare glimpse of his 9-year-old daughter Zahwa, weeping and standing next to her mother as his coffin was placed on a plane. 
 A Pakistani man accused of helping organize the smuggling of a boatload of illegal immigrants from Indonesia to Australia appeared in court Friday after his extradition from Thailand. 
 Czechs cast ballots Friday in a two-day runoff election for nearly a third of the seats in the upper house of parliament. 
 The government decided Friday to allow the public to visit the Palace of Brigades, one of the Albanian capital's few architectural gems, its press office reported. 
 Italian Defense Minister Antonio Martino reaffirmed Italy's commitment to the reconstruction of Iraq Friday as he marked the first anniversary of the bombing of a military barracks there that killed 19 Italians. 
 A passenger train speeding along a bad section of track derailed and tumbled into a ravine before dawn Friday, killing at least 10 people and injuring 120, Philippine officials said. 
 A passenger train smashed into a truck at a railroad crossing in suburban Istanbul Friday and two cars were derailed, officials said. The truck driver was killed in the crash. 
 Both sides in Sri Lanka's civil war renewed their commitment to a cease-fire, as the government on Friday considered its response to a new offer from Tamil Tiger rebels to revive stalled peace talks, officials said. 
 A gunman surrendered to police Friday after an overnight shooting spree that left four people dead and two seriously wounded in western Belgium, news reports said. 
 Zurich Financial Services said Friday it has suspended several employees in the United States as part of an internal review tied to a wider industry investigation of insurance broker Marsh & McLennan Companies Inc. 
 A man whose death sentence for impulsively killing a woman during a 1992 robbery was opposed even by some capital punishment supporters was executed by injection early Friday. 
 China's Dutch-born coach Arie Haan says he'll step down if his team is knocked out of World Cup qualifying after next week's game against Hong Kong. 
 Police in Bilbao on Friday arrested a woman suspected of belonging to the armed Basque separatist group ETA, officials said. 
 Bosnian Serb police said Friday that NATO troops detained two men in a village in northeast Bosnia, one of whom was the brother of a war-crimes suspect at large. 
 Portugual's finance minister was hospitalized Friday because of high blood pressure, the Health Ministry said. 
 Asian stock markets closed mostly higher Friday on the back of gains on Wall Street following a drop in oil prices. 
 Dutch investigators have concluded that a prominent Indonesian human rights activist who died on a flight to Amsterdam was fatally poisoned, police said Friday. 
 Lawmakers voted Friday to keep the German military committed to the U.S.-led war on terrorism for another year, renewing a mandate under which Germans are involved in maritime patrols in the Mediterranean and off the Horn of Africa. 
 The leader of the Palestinian militant group Hamas, who publicly accused Israel of killing Yasser Arafat, attended the Palestinian leader's funeral Friday in Cairo, in a rare public appearance for a man believed to be a walking target of the Israeli military. 
 His daughter wept and kings paid their solemn respects at Yasser Arafat's Cairo funeral service Friday, which began with humble prayers and ended with a military procession. 
 The spiritual leadership of the world's Orthodox Christians expressed its sympathy Friday over the death of Yasser Arafat and urged the world to work for peace in the "Holy Land." 
 Macedonia's election officials said Friday they have rejected an opposition complaint over last week's referendum on the rights of minority ethnic Albanians in the Balkan republic. 
 A wildcat strike by 1,300 bus drivers in the southern region around the capital spread Friday to five other Finnish towns and cities, threatening the current round of collective wage talks between central unions and employers organizations. 
 Prices in Spain rose sharply in October due to higher oil prices, the National Statistics Institute showed Friday. 
 At least two women were killed and more than a dozen injured when hundreds of people scrambled for free clothes being given out in northwestern Bangladesh ahead of a Muslim festival, a news report said Friday. 
 The United States would like to help develop Bangladesh's economy _ but this impoverished country must do more to contain lawlessness and corruption, a visiting U.S. official said Friday. 
 Estonia's ambassador to the United Nations, Jaak Joeruut, is set to become the country's defense minister, the Reform Party said Friday. 
 An Amsterdam court extended the detention of six men alleged to have formed a terrorist conspiracy to murder filmmaker Theo van Gogh, prosecutors said Friday. 
 Tony Parkes, who has spent 35 years at Blackburn as a player and coach, was dismissed Friday by new manager Mark Hughes. 
 French economic growth faltered in the third quarter, the national statistics office said Friday, and higher oil prices added to inflationary pressures in October. 
 An Amsterdam court extended the detention of six men alleged to have formed a terrorist conspiracy to kill filmmaker Theo van Gogh, prosecutors said Friday. 
 A funeral service will be held Wednesday at Sheffield Cathedral for former Liverpool and England captain Emyln Hughes. 
 Rio Ferdinand says he won't look at the Premier League standings until his Manchester United team is back at the top. 
 A German man has been arrested on suspicion of spying for a Middle Eastern intelligence service, federal prosecutors said Friday. 
 Sunni Muslim clerics Friday called a one-week general strike to protest the "massacres" in the besieged city of Fallujah. The strike would largely coincide with a major religious holiday when few go to work anyway. 
 Russia will ban flowers and other plant products from Germany beginning Monday after a pest was discovered in shipments of German flowers, the Agriculture Ministry said Friday. 
 A leading art fund appealed Friday for money to save the 14th century Macclesfield Psalter _ a rare example of English medieval art _ from being sold to California's Getty Museum. 
 NATO-led peacekeepers on Friday searched an industrial compound which was the office of war crimes suspect Radovan Karadzic during Bosnia's 1992-95 war. 
 Russian President Vladimir Putin arrived in Ukraine on Friday for his second visit in half a month, apparently motivated by Moscow's keen interest in the outcome of this month's presidential runoff in former Soviet republic. 
 A car bomb blew up just a few kilometers (miles) from Yasser Arafat's Ramallah headquarters Friday just as the helicopter carrying the Palestinian leader's body was set to land in the West Bank city, Israel TV reported. 
 Tens of thousands of Palestinian mourners burst into Yasser Arafat's walled compound on Friday, hoping to watch the burial of the Palestinian leader in the compound where he was held as a virtual prisoner for the last three years of his life. 
 In a chaotic scene, a helicopter carrying Yasser Arafat's body landed at his West Bank headquarters Friday, as thousands stormed the landing pad and security forces fired in the air. 
 Faced with numerous injuries and suspensions, Romania coach Anghel Iordanescu has called up 16 home-based players for next week's Group 1 World Cup qualifier in Armenia. 
 The signs say "Keep Out" and warn of radiation contamination, but the elderly women trudge right past them, carrying pails to fill with wild mushrooms. 
 Arsonists razed more than a dozen public buildings in a southeastern Nigerian state during a second day of escalating violence linked to a power struggle within the country's ruling party, a local government spokesman said Friday. 
 Palestinian militants fired three mortar shells at a Jewish settlement in the Gaza Strip on Friday, lightly injuring one person, the Israeli army said. 
 The father of a Japanese woman kidnapped by North Korean spies 26 years ago welcomed news Friday that negotiators had made contact with her alleged husband in the communist state, saying it could help reveal the truth about her fate. 
 A leading Jordanian neurologist who regularly examined Yasser Arafat said on Friday that poisoning was the "highest" probable cause of the Palestinian leader's mysterious death and urged that an autopsy be performed. 
 A Spanish military plane has evacuated 89 more people from Ivory Coast, including 37 Americans, the Foreign Ministry said Friday. 
 Chelsea winger Arjen Robben is back in the Dutch national squad ahead of next week's World Cup qualifying match with Andorra. 
 Supporters of the opposition candidate for president of the breakaway Georgian region of Abkhazia on Friday seized the office of the outgoing president, the Interfax news agency reported. 
 Chelsea winger Arjen Robben is back in the Dutch national squad ahead of next week's World Cup qualifying match with Andorra. 
 A small bomb exploded at a restaurant Friday evening in southern Thailand, injuring 14 people, including a child, police said. 
 A senior naval officer was named the new head of Greece's armed forces Friday, the defense ministry said. 
 An appeals court on Friday upheld a prison sentence for a 32-year-old pastor who manipulated his former nanny into murdering his wife, convincing her to kill by sending her anonymous mobile phone text messages he said were from God. 
 Prosecutors on Friday told a panel of Supreme Court judges that there was "considerable agreement" among medical experts that the man who confessed to killing Foreign Minister Anna Lindh is not suffering from serious mental illness, adding he should be in prison, not in a psychiatric hospital. 
 The lower house of Russia's parliament unanimously approved legislation Friday to prohibit smoking in workplaces, on public transport and in certain public areas. 
 Formula One chief Bernie Ecclestone lost a court appeal Friday, clearing the way for a trial over control of the sport. 
 A Jordanian who was sentenced to four years in prison for helping plan attacks in Germany by a network headed by Islamic militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi has been granted early release, a German court said Friday. 
 Yasser Arafat was laid to rest Friday, as Muslim clerics prayed by his gravesite. 
 Queen Beatrix visited with Dutch Moroccan youth in Amsterdam Friday, her first public appearance since the killing of filmmaker Theo Van Gogh. 
 Police chiefs in two major Iraqi cities were fired Friday amid a spike in insurgent activity as U.S. and Iraqi government forces press their attacks against rebel holdouts in Fallujah, officials said. 
 With his team riding high in third place in the Premier League, Everton manager David Moyes signed a new contract Friday to keep him at the club until 2009. 
 Akinori Otsuka made an inauspicious return to Nagoya Dome. 
 The government on Friday refused to back a bid to host the 2014 Winter Olympics by the Arctic city of Tromsoe, saying it was too costly and too soon after the 1994 Lillehammer Games. 
 Germany coach Juergen Klinsmann called up rookie defender Moritz Volz of Fulham for next week's friendly against Cameroon, continuing a trend he set after taking over the slumping three-time World Cup champions this summer. 
 Akinori Otsuka made an inauspicious return to Nagoya Dome. 
 Turkmenistan's president has dismissed three senior police officers for abuses including immoral behavior, official newspapers said Friday. 
 Ivory Coast launched a military inquiry Friday into a deadly airstrike on French peacekeepers that sparked five days of violent upheaval, as France and other nations continued to evacuate their nationals from the war-divided West African nation. 
 Russia may consider issuing a visa to the Dalai Lama if his trip serves exclusively religious purposes, Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said Friday. 
 A coalition of Uzbek opposition groups said Friday it will boycott upcoming parliamentary elections after being unable to register candidates. 
 Defense Minister Mosioua Lekota met Friday with Ivorian opposition leaders in an effort to bring peace to Ivory Coast where at least 27 people dead have died and western nations have scrambled to evacuate foreigners. 
 A fire in a trash container caused smoke damage at a Dutch mosque, police said Friday, as reports of vandalism in the wake of the killing of a Dutch filmmaker tapered off. 
 The U.S. military confirmed Friday a hostage found in Fallujah is the Syrian driver abducted with two French journalists in August. 
 A key Serbian leader called Friday for early general elections, suggesting he might leave the republic's ruling coalition and help bring down Prime Minister Vojislav Kostunica's government. 
 The top Swiss criminal court Friday disclosed that a Mafia cigarette-smuggling ring broken up by investigators in August stretched from the United States and Latin America to Africa, northern Europe and the Balkans. 
 The Rolling Stones failed Friday to force an audit of the books of Decca Music Group, which they say may not have paid them all the royalties from their "40 Licks" greatest hits album. 
 The incoming European Commission looks likely to secure parliamentary support in a key vote next week after the largest political group in the EU assembly suggested Friday it would back Jose Manuel Barroso's team unless there was "a disaster" in pre-vote hearings. 
 Slobodan Milosevic, who is on trial at the U.N. war crimes tribunal, has sent a letter of condolences to the Palestinians over the death of Yasser Arafat, the former president's aides said Friday. 
 A 60-day curfew was imposed Friday on the Shiite holy city of Najaf because of the general instability in Iraq, police said. 
 One U.S. soldier was killed and two others were wounded in an attack in Baghdad Friday, the U.S. military said. 
 For an Old Lady, Juventus is running fast. 
 Ukraine's opposition leader and the top contender for the presidency accused the government on Friday of massive election fraud during the fiercely contested first round of the country's presidential election. 
 Barred from attending Yasser Arafat's burial in Ramallah, tens of thousands of Palestinians poured into Gaza City's central square for a symbolic funeral Friday _ one of hundreds of memorial services throughout the area for the father of Palestinian nationalism. 
 If workers feel a little chilly at their desks in one of the newest skyscrapers under construction in New York City, they'll be able to adjust the temperature with switches tailored to individuals, not entire floors or buildings. 
 A brief look ahead to this weekend's English Premier League soccer games: 
 Arsonists razed more than a dozen public buildings in a southeastern Nigerian state during a second day of escalating violence linked to a power struggle within the country's ruling party, a local government spokesman said Friday. 
 An 86-year-old man who displayed war relics at a privately run Nazi museum may face charges of spreading Nazi propaganda, a news agency reported Friday. 
 Hezbollah's leader on Friday said guerrillas who earlier in the week sent an unmanned reconnaissance drone into northern Israel are capable of bombing Israeli targets from the air with the aircraft. 
 An artillery shell apparently misfired by practicing Austrian army troops struck a private home, authorities said Friday. 
 An Albanian court on Friday sentenced seven army soldiers and three civilian workers at an army base to prison for the sexual exploitation of a teenager. 
 About 200 Bahrainis rallied outside their capital Friday to protest the U.S.-led attack on the Iraqi city of Fallujah. 
 Thousands of supporters of Abkhazia's opposition presidential candidate seized the office of the outgoing president Friday, as tensions again spiked in the breakaway Georgian region nearly six weeks after a disputed _ and still unresolved _ election. 
 Toyota Motor Corp.'s Lexus division said it was delaying the U.S. launch of a gasoline-electric hybrid version of its RX 400h sport-utility vehicle. 
 A top Kremlin envoy on Friday criticized protesters who had seized a regional leader's office in southern Russia and warned that federal authorities wouldn't tolerate any further attempts to settle political disputes by force. 
 A year ago, England's rugby team reached unprecedented heights with a historic first World Cup triumph that had 750,000 jamming central London for their victory parade. 
 Ignoring complaints from Manchester United, Portugal coach Luiz Felipe Scolari on Friday called up star winger Cristiano Ronaldo once again as part of a virtually unchanged roster for the team's upcoming World Cup qualifier against Luxembourg. 
 Conductor Seiji Ozawa, artistic director of the Vienna State Opera, will open a music academy overlooking Lake Geneva. 
 France wants to maintain the momentum gained from winning the Grand Slam last season as it begins building toward the 2007 World Cup. The first test it faces is Saturday's match against World Cup runner-up Australia at Stade de France. 
 France coach Raymond Domenech called up Patrice Evra to the squad to face Poland, as a replacement for the injured Eric Abidal, the French soccer federation said Friday. 
 When talk at the high school here turns to evolution, biology teachers have to make time for Charles Darwin as well as his detractors. 
 The space agencies of India and France signed an agreement on Friday to cooperate in launching a satellite in four years that will help make climate predictions more accurate. 
 Attackers on Friday blew up a police station and detention center in a city west of Mosul after ordering police and prisoners out, a hospital official said. 
 A woman believed she had miraculously conceived and delivered a baby boy, but a British judge declared Friday that she was conned by her pastor. 
 The court trying the alleged assassins of Serb Prime Minister Zoran Djindjic said Friday it would call some of his closest associates to testify. 
 Ethnic Hungarian leaders from Romania, Serbia-Montenegro and other neighboring countries on Friday asked Hungary to support an upcoming referendum allowing them to seek Hungarian citizenship. 
 A U.S. helicopter was shot down by insurgents Friday north of Baghdad, wounding three crew members, the U.S. military said. 
 Austrian Josef "Pepi" Strobl was cleared by the International Ski Federation on Friday to compete for his newly adopted country Slovenia, starting with races in North America later this month. 
 Clashes between insurgents and Iraqi troops in the northern town of Hawija on Friday left two bystanders dead, an Iraqi officer said. 
 German automaker Volkswagen AG said Friday it will cut investment in auto operations by 6 percent over the next two years and reshuffle its management board as part of an overall reorganization process meant to trim costs. 
 Pakistan's coast guard arrested 29 Indian fishermen and seized their boats for allegedly fishing illegally in Pakistani territorial waters in the Arabian Sea, an official said Friday. 
 Croatia has launched an investigation into allegations that employees of a company owned by U.S. pharmaceutical giant Pfizer may have bribed doctors to promote the research and sale of its products in the country, the state attorney's office said Friday. 
 Former Czech President Vaclav Havel announced plans Friday to open a library dedicated to his life and works and modern Czech history. 
 Russia began handing over control of the Tajik-Afghan border to Tajikistan Friday, withdrawing its forces from the frontier, the ITAR-Tass news agency said. 
 Herbert Hoover, the former U.S. president associated at home with the despair of the Great Depression, is remembered as a hero to Poles in an exhibition that opened Friday. 
 The police Mosul's police chief was fired Friday after rebels launched widespread attacks in Iraq's third largest city, as Mosul's governor called in reinforcements after police lost control. 
 President Vaira Vike-Freiberga on Friday rejected a bill passed by lawmakers that would have let the government decide, in some cases, what language would be used in radio and television broadcasts. 
 After decades of revolutionary struggle and three terms at the helm of his fledgling nation, Namibian President Sam Nujoma is ready to step down, bringing an end to an era marked by fiery rhetoric as well as pragmatism and stability. 
 John Toshack was appointed manager of the Wales soccer team for the second time on Friday. This time he hopes to stay for more than one game. 
 Skating a program highlighted by strong jumps and throws, favorites Shen Xue and Zhao Hongbo of China won the gold at the Cup of China Friday, as Jeffrey Buttle of Canada took a commanding lead in the men's short program. 
 Croatia has launched an investigation into allegations that employees of U.S. pharmaceutical giant Pfizer may have bribed doctors to promote the research and sale of its products in the country, the state attorney's office said Friday. 
 President George W. Bush is tacking on visits with two Latin American allies to his trip to Chile for a gathering of Asia-Pacific leaders later this month. 
 Star goalkeeper Mart Poom of Sunderland and defender Andrei Stepanov of Torpedo Moscow will both miss Estonia's World Cup qualifier in Russia next week because of injuries. 
 The head of France's armed forces, Gen. Henri Bentegeat, said Friday that French soldiers in Ivory Coast had been forced to open fire in self-defense to hold back a "pack of looters, rapists" attacking foreigners. 
 A plane crash in the Amazon killed two French journalists working for National Geographic magazine and the Brazilian pilot, officials said Friday. 
 Two men, missing for over a month before their bodies were found in a well in one of Harare's up-market suburbs, have been identified as British, an embassy spokeswoman said Friday. 
 Shareholders of Harmony Gold Mining Co. on Friday overwhelmingly approved issuing new shares to fund the company's hostile takeover bid for Gold Fields Ltd. 
 Serbia-Montenegro's top defense body canceled Friday a planned session to review findings by independent investigators into the mysterious deaths of two soldiers last month, which some officials linked to the whereabouts of top war crimes suspects. 
 Clashes erupted Friday afternoon on a major street in central Baghdad where insurgents often confront U.S. troops and Iraqi police, residents said. 
 Families of the victims of the 1995 Srebrenica massacre will file a lawsuit requesting more than euro2 billion (US$2.6 billion) in compensation from the governments of the Serb part of Bosnia and Serbia and Montenegro, a representative of the victims said Friday. 
 Opening batsman Xavier Marshall, who helped the West Indies to the final of Under-19 Cricket World Cup in March, was awarded the West Indies Young Cricketer of the Year Award and the George Headley Award for Excellence in youth cricket by the Jamaica Cricket Association. 
 U.S. authorities working with Jamaican anti-drug agents have seized 7.5 tons (6.8 metric tons) of cocaine off the Caribbean island's coast in the last week, police said Friday. 
 Pope John Paul II met on Friday with the president of Portugal and said the country, of conservative Catholic traditions, could inspire hope amid a "grave crisis" of modern values. 
 Former French soccer star Jean Tigana on Friday won his law suit against Fulham in a case stemming from his firing as manager. 
 Draft dodging in the Moscow region is on the decline, military commissioners said Friday, as Russia continues its biannual conscription of young men into the country's massive armed forces. 
 The U.S. dollar was mixed against other major currencies in European trading Friday. Gold prices rose. 
 Investigators are trying to identify the source of ice chunks that smashed through the roof of a house in this Seattle suburb last week, landing on the bed of a 7-year-old girl. 
 The Bosnian Serb president appealed Friday to all war-crimes suspects hiding on his territory to surrender, in order to save the existence of his ministate. 
 Former Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu will be barred from playing anywhere in the world after a seven-month English ban for doping offenses was ratified Friday by world soccer's governing body. 
 President George W. Bush, meeting with Iraq ally British Prime Minister Tony Blair, declared Friday, "We have a great chance to establish a Palestinian state." 
 With the right coordination, international commitment and about euro10 million (US$13 million), scientists could deliver within a year a candidate vaccine to combat a global flu pandemic, the World Health Organization said Friday. 
 President George W. Bush, meeting with Iraq ally British Prime Minister Tony Blair, declared Friday, "We have a great chance to establish a Palestinian state." 
 Robbie Williams, Michael Jackson, Queen, The Rolling Stones and Cliff Richard have been chosen by the British public as the best music acts of the past five decades. 
 U.S. goalkeeper Kasey Keller, who lost his starting job at Tottenham, joined Southampton on Friday in a four-week loan deal. 
 Musicians, broadcasters and hundreds of music fans gathered at an English cathedral Friday for the funeral of John Peel, an influential disc jockey beloved by generations of British Broadcasting Corp. listeners. 
 Brazil has recognized China as a market economy, Chinese President Hu Jintao said Friday after meeting with Brazil's President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva. 
 U.S. consumers lost a little of their enthusiasm for auto purchases last month but kept their wallets wide open in a number of other areas including clothing and gasoline, the Commerce Department reported Friday. 
 Two Paraguayan Air Force pilots were killed Friday after their single-engine airplane crashed minutes after takeoff during a flight training trip. 
 Shares in Abbey National PLC, Britain's sixth-biggest bank and second-biggest mortgage lender, traded for the last time Friday ahead of the completion of its $15.6 billion acquisition by Santander Central Hispano SA, Spain's biggest bank. 
 Portuguese police heading to Iraq to help maintain security during upcoming elections are prepared for increased violence, their commander said Friday. 
 Satellite broadcaster British Sky Broadcasting Group PLC reported strong growth in subscribers Friday and a jump in revenue that exceeded analysts' expectations, underpinning a 3 percent rise in quarterly net profit. 
 The international media watchdog group Reporters Without Borders lauded officials from the Gulf coast state of Tabasco on Friday for opening an investigation into the assault on a journalist who had reported on alleged irregularities by government officials. 
 The opening races of the cross country World Cup season next weekend were moved to Gallivare north of the Arctic Circle because of snow shortage in Ostersund, the original venue, organizers said Friday. 
 As Yasser Arafat was being buried at his West Bank compound Friday, his Jordanian physician said the still-unclear reasons for the Palestinian leader's death required that an autopsy be performed. 
 Colombia on Friday formally opened international bidding for a US$234 million (euro181 million) contract to supply 24 fighter jets, officials said. 
 A handful of Polish women and children in Iraq who accepted a government offer to return home flew back from Baghdad on Friday, a Polish official said. 
 Share prices on the London Stock Exchange closed 0.4 percent higher Friday. 
 President George W. Bush said Friday the death of Yasser Arafat provides "a great chance to establish a Palestinian state" and a broader Middle East peace. 
 A text of President George W. Bush and British Prime Minister Blair on Friday, as transcribed by eMediaMillWorks, Inc.: 
 Stocks moved slightly higher on Friday as Wall Street weighed a new retail report that showed an increase in spending, but also showed that consumers might be shying away from bigger purchases. 
 Gary Megson is now free to look for another job after reaching a settlement with West Bromwich Albion over his departure two weeks ago. 
 A U.S. drug safety adviser said Friday the government rescinded his invitation to participate in a February meeting on the risk of Vioxx and other arthritis drugs because he had already publicly expressed doubts about the medications. 
 The bodies of two workers missing after a pipeline explosion were recovered after two days of delays, bringing the number of people killed in the accident to five. 
 Arnold Schwarzenegger said he flexed his muscles in a meeting with Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi, but he wasn't talking about his biceps. 
 Peaches Geldof, daughter of musician Bob Geldof and television presenter Paula Yates, will make her television debut presenting a teen documentary, a British production company said Friday. 
 A proposed 25-million-pound (US$46 million euro36 million) takeover of Leeds United by a British-American consortium collapsed Friday, and the club announced it would sell its Elland Road ground. 
 Like many other Palestinian families in this refugee camp, the Jabrs have adorned the walls of their tiny, rundown home with photographs of dead relatives, most of them killed fighting Israel. 
 The government must inform its citizens about atrocities committed in Romania against Jews and Gypsies during World War II, the director of the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum said Friday. 
 The Russian military will cut its deployment in Chechnya by about 1,000 troops and stop using conscripts in the war against separatist rebels beginning next year, Defense Minister Sergei Ivanov said Friday. 
 Fighting has broken out between rival rebel factions near Senegal's border with Gambia, insurgents said Friday, the first clashes in months in the country's troubled southern Casamance province. 
 The following dignitaries were on the guest list for Yasser Arafat's funeral in Cairo on Friday: 
 An employee who claims she was sexually harassed by United Nations refugee chief Ruud Lubbers has dropped her appeal against a decision not to punish him, Lubbers' spokesman said Friday. 
 Prince Harry arrived in Argentina on Friday for a stay of several weeks to work on a polo horse farm before he is scheduled to join the British army next year. 
 A woman pleaded no contest and was sentenced to probation Friday on charges she left her 2-year-old daughter alone for 2 1/2 weeks while she was in jail. 
 Thousands of supporters of Abkhazia's opposition presidential candidate briefly seized the office of the outgoing president Friday, as tensions again spiked in the breakaway Georgian region nearly six weeks after a disputed _ and still unresolved _ election. 
 Spain plans to ban smoking in most work places by 2006 but the measure will be optional in many bars and restaurants, the Health Ministry said Friday. 
 John Ruiz's defense of his WBA heavyweight boxing title against Andrew Golota has the potential to be very ugly in a heavyweight extravaganza at Madison Square Garden on Saturday. 
 Moldova's top negotiator with Russian-speaking separatists who control an eastern province of this former Soviet country said Friday that settlement talks between the two sides won't be restarted until the separatists stop asking for independence. 
 A Syrian found handcuffed in Fallujah and rescued by U.S. Marines was kidnapped with two French journalists in August, and has told authorities he last saw the Frenchmen a month ago _ the first confirmed word on the captives since they disappeared in August. 
 Ukraine's opposition leader and the top contender for the presidency accused the government on Friday of massive election fraud during the hotly contested first round of the country's presidential election. 
 A prosecutor on Friday recommended Italian Premier Silvio Berlusconi be convicted for allegedly bribing judges in the 1980s, the charge in his latest corruption trial, and sentenced to eight years in prison. 
 A prosecutor Friday dismissed a murder charge against a mother accused of killing her severely disabled daughter with an overdose of medication after finding that the autopsy report was wrong. 
 Brazil has recognized China as a market economy, Chinese President Hu Jintao said Friday after meeting with Brazil's President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva. 
 The British government is trying to track down a family that abandoned an 82-year-old member suffering advanced Alzheimer's disease in a London hospital waiting room. 
 Attorney General John Ashcroft is leaving but the top issues for the Justice Department are the same heading into President George W. Bush's second term: persuading Congress to renew key parts of the anti-terrorism Patriot Act and continuing fundamental reforms at the FBI. 
 As the main donor to Palestinians and top commercial partner of Israel, Europe could be a major player in pushing to restart the stalled Mideast peace process in the post-Yasser Arafat era. 
 New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer expanded his bid-rigging probe of the insurance industry Friday by suing a San Diego-based broker for practices that Spitzer said raised premium costs for employees at leading U.S. companies. 
 A Venezuelan man swiped a policeman's pistol and opened fire Friday at the foot of the Eiffel Tower, injuring a police officer and two security guards, officials said. 
 Asked who might be the first big-name player to be traded this season, New York Knicks president Isiah Thomas answered Eddy Curry and Philadelphia 76ers president Billy King guessed Kurt Thomas. 
 U.S. Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld on Friday awarded bronze stars to six Salvadoran soldiers who defended a convoy in Iraq, and he praised El Salvador for being the only Latin American country to have kept troops in the wartorn nation. 
 The number of people in Russia infected with the virus that causes AIDS has risen by more than 10 percent since January, Russia's top AIDS expert said Friday, again underscoring the deadly disease's gathering threat to the country. 
 Less than a week after a collecting a $536 million (euro415 million) settlement from Microsoft Corp., Novell Inc. on Friday filed another lawsuit accusing the software giant of violating antitrust laws. 
 Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo attempted to calm labor discontent Friday ahead of a planned general strike, saying he would order the reduction of kerosene prices. 
 After Yasser Arafat's chaotic burial, his bodyguards ringed the freshly dug grave for what was to be an orderly military salute. 
 India will give Guyana US$25 million (euro19.2 million) in grants and loans to build a 20,000-seat stadium for the 2007 Cricket World Cup. 
 U.S. federal prosecutors announced charges Friday against 51 alleged members of two Chinese gangs, accusing them of everything from attempted murder to immigrant smuggling and trafficking in counterfeit clothing and purses. 
 Now comes the hard part for the Pittsburgh Steelers. After knocking off the NFL's last two unbeaten teams, they go on the road against a division foe and traditional rival this weekend. 
 The presidents of Mexico and five Central American countries Friday discussed ways to integrate their region, boost their economies and stop the flow of migrants north to the United States. 
 One of 14 foreigners taken prisoner during the fighting in Fallujah is a fluent French speaker, Iraqi authorities said Friday. However, his nationality is unknown. 
 Dutch authorities rounded up 38 suspected members of a Kurdish rebel group in nationwide raids Friday, including "trainees" allegedly being prepared at a rural campground for terrorist attacks in Turkey, officials said Friday. 
 About 300 Palestinians and other demonstrators, holding candles, chanted "Freedom for Palestine" during a rally in central Athens Friday to honor Yasser Arafat. 
 Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero plans to visit Russia on Dec. 1 for talks with President Vladimir Putin, a government spokesman said Friday. 
 Americans are feeling more optimistic about the general direction of the country since the presidential election and have an improved image of President George W. Bush, despite continuing doubts about the economy, a poll released Friday found. 
 Former naval station Treasure Island will serve as the setting for the $40 million (euro31 million) movie version of the Broadway hit "Rent." 
 The U.S. State Department said Friday it is encouraging the Dutch government to continue contributing to Iraq's security beyond the scheduled March 15 departure date for Dutch troops. 
 It was the last question Prime Minister Tony Blair wanted asked, and he seemed to cringe as President George W. Bush answered it. 
 Gen. Stanislaw Skalski, Poland's top fighter ace from World War II and a participant in the Battle of Britain, died Friday in a Warsaw military hospital, a military spokesman said. He was 89. 
 Gold for current delivery closed at $437.90 per troy ounce Friday on the New York Mercantile Exchange, up from $434.90 late Thursday. 
 Iraqis trapped in Fallujah face a major humanitarian disaster unless Iraqi and American authorities allow food, water and medicine into the besieged city, aid agencies said Friday. 
 The wife of two-time major golf champion John Daly pleaded guilty to a federal money laundering charge on Friday. 
 The government asked a federal judge Friday to reject requests from lawyers for terrorism defendant Zacarias Moussaoui for further delays in bringing the case to trial. 
 A Lebanese man has been kidnapped in Iraq, the Foreign Ministry said Friday. 
 U.S. Education Secretary Rod Paige intends to leave his Cabinet position, a Bush administration official told The Associated Press Friday. 
 A judge said Friday she has ruled there is enough evidence to keep a former mayor jailed in the fatal shooting of a newspaper journalist who was killed while covering election-related protests. 
 Two U.S. soldiers were wounded when their patrol was hit by a roadside bomb north of Baghdad Friday, the U.S. military said. 
 The stock market closed. 
 Crude futures prices fell slightly on Friday, capping off a 5 percent decline from a week ago, as worries about low winter fuel inventories dissipate amid rising oil supplies. 
 A disastrous gamble in the insurance business has pushed this Los Angeles suburb to the brink of financial collapse and raised fears that bankers might try to seize Gardena's parks, gymnasiums, even the swimming pool. 
 Scott Peterson was convicted Friday of murdering his pregnant wife and dumping her body in San Francisco Bay in what prosecutors in the made-for-cable-TV case portrayed as a cold-blooded attempt to escape marriage and fatherhood for the bachelor life. 
 Pope John Paul II is planning to make a pilgrimage to Poland, the land of his birth, in June if his health permits it, Poland's primate was quoted as saying Friday after returning from a visit to the Vatican. 
 Scott Peterson was convicted Friday of murdering his pregnant wife and dumping her body in San Francisco Bay in what prosecutors in the made-for-cable-TV case portrayed as a cold-blooded attempt to escape marriage and fatherhood for the bachelor life. 
 A Syrian found handcuffed in Fallujah and rescued by U.S. Marines was kidnapped with two French journalists in August, and has told authorities he last saw the Frenchmen a month ago _ the first confirmed word on the captives since they disappeared in August. 
 Microsoft Corp.'s software platform for personal digital assistants took over the market lead from PalmSource Inc. for the first time in the third quarter, according to market research released Friday. 
 A Florida-style nightmare has unfolded in North Carolina in the 10 days since last week's U.S. elections, with thousands of votes missing and the outcome of two statewide races still up in the air. 
 La Fenice Theater has risen from the ashes, like its namesake the phoenix, to mount its first opera performance since it was destroyed by a fire set by electricians in 1996. 
 As Yasser Arafat was buried, President George W. Bush said Friday there is "a great chance" to create an independent Palestinian state within four years after decades of frustration. British Prime Minister Tony Blair joined Bush in pledging to mobilize global support for Middle East peace efforts. 
 An operation to rescue hundreds of Britons and other foreigners from the violence in Ivory Coast was under way Friday, the Ministry of Defense said. 
 Turkey must recognize the Cypriot government as any other EU state before it can start accession negotiations for the European Union, the leaders of Cyprus and Greece said Friday. 
 Federal judges are jeopardizing U.S. security by issuing rulings contradictory to President George W. Bush's decisions on America's obligations under international treaties and agreements, Attorney General John Ashcroft said Friday. 
 Three of Industriales' pitchers defected from Cuba in the past year, so the Havana club is relying on offense to win its third consecutive Cuban national baseball title. 
 The second day of the trial of Shining Path rebel leader Abimael Guzman was suspended Friday as attorneys on both sides argued over the fitness of a judge presiding over the case. 
 The first phase of a new national defense system was completed with installation of the initial round of ballistic missile interceptors at Fort Greely, military officials said Friday. 
 The battered shares of Delta Air Lines Inc. surged nearly 9 percent Friday after its pilots agreed to pay cuts to try to help the ailing carrier escape bankruptcy, but their new contract offers no guarantees for the company's future. 
 Mexican stocks retreated Friday from an early charge into record territory and closed fractionally lower, with investors wary of an impending bout of profit-taking. 
 The dollar exited the week near its all-time low against the euro and a seven-month low against the yen, slipping despite positive U.S. economic news and weak data from Europe and Japan. 
 U.S. Education Secretary Rod Paige intends to leave his Cabinet position, a Bush administration official told The Associated Press Friday. 
 A former Iranian president put forward his own solution to the Israeli-Palestinian dispute on Friday: Israel and the Palestinian territories should unite under one government, which would be elected by all Jewish and Arab residents, as well as the Palestinian refugees in neighboring states. 
 A driver involved in the collision which killed multiple rally driving champion Possum Bourne avoided jail when he appeared in a New Zealand court Friday for sentencing on driving charges. 
 It always seems a little premature to talk about the holiday season while the Thanksgiving menu is still in the planning stages, but there'll be plenty of discussion on Wall Street about December and shopping next week as top retailers report their earnings. 
 Six men accused of aiding al-Qaida and fighting for the Taliban, including one accused of being a personal courier for Osama bin Laden, refused to appear before a U.S. military review panel at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, an official said Friday. 
 The Bush administration on Friday rejected a request from 30 members of Congress that it bring a World Trade Organization case against China charging the Asian nation with manipulating its currency to gain unfair trade advantages against the United States. 
 Tampa Bay Buccaneers owner Malcolm Glazer escalated the battle for control of Manchester United on Friday by voting three members off the board. 
 The U.S. State Department urged Sudanese government Friday to ensure unrestricted access for humanitarian workers and for assistance to victims of violence in Sudan's western Darfur region. 
 Wall Street closed its third straight winning week with another rally Friday, advancing as a new retail sales report and a consumer sentiment reading showed that Americans are growing more confident about the economy. 
 The Mexican government and a U.S.-based non-governmental organization have agreed to expropriate thousands of acres of tropical forest on the Yucatan Peninsula in what officials are calling the largest conservation land deal in the country's history. 
 Italy coach John Kirwan hopes to surprise by throwing in new teenage winger Matteo Pratichetti against the All Blacks in their rugby union test at Flaminio Stadium on Saturday. 
 Rain washed out qualifying for the Southern 500 Friday, forcing NASCAR to set the grid for Sunday's Nextel Cup race by car owner points and putting Kurt Busch, Jeff Gordon, Dale Earnhardt Jr., Jimmie Johnson and Mark Martin at the front of the field. 
 Police in Guyana launched a witness protection program Friday, aiming to get more people to testify in a probe into allegations of a government-sponsored hit squad. 
 The Veterans Affairs Department said Friday it no longer will pay for studies that seek to show stress is the primary cause of mysterious ailments afflicting thousands of veterans of the 1991 Gulf War. 
 Brazil has recognized China as a market economy, Chinese President Hu Jintao said Friday after meeting with Brazil's President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva. 
 The government ordered U.S. airlines Friday to turn over personal information about passengers so it can test a system for identifying potential terrorists. The move was expected but nonetheless brought protests from civil libertarians worried about invasions of privacy. 
 The Bush administration served official notice Friday that it will appeal a judge's ruling that stopped proceedings in the first trial by a military commission of an alleged al-Qaida member. 
 Wyeth Pharmaceuticals Inc. will add black box warnings linking its smallpox vaccine to heart inflammation, the government announced Friday. 
 Haiti's interim prime minister said authorities planned to take legal action against ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide as the government opened a commission Friday to investigate corruption under the exiled leader. 
 Robert Blackwill, former White House director of postwar policy in Iraq, was chided by national security adviser Condoleezza Rice after a woman claimed he grabbed her arm and was verbally abusive at a Kuwaiti airport, administration officials said Friday. 
 A blast ignited a German diplomatic car parked on a Beirut street late Friday, destroying the vehicle but causing no casualties, police said. 
 A man told police he squeezed, shook and twisted his baby daughter until bones snapped because she wouldn't stop crying. 
 MetroStars midfielder Amado Guevara, who led the MetroStars to their second straight playoff appearance, was chosen Major League Soccer's player of the year. 
 Justin Leonard and Steve Flesch combined for a 9-under 63 and a one-stroke lead over Hank Kuehne and Jeff Sluman after the first round of the Franklin Templeton Shootout on Friday. 
 The future of news is online, and traditional media outlets must learn to tailor their products for consumers who demand instant, personalized information, the head of The Associated Press said Friday. 
 Today is Saturday, November 20, the 325th day of 2004. There are 41 days left in the year. 
 After years of tension between two communities mourning the second-worst airline disaster in U.S. history, the city announced Friday that it will build a memorial nearly a mile (1.6 kilometers) from the crash site. 
 Japan lodged a formal protest with Beijing after determining that a nuclear submarine which entered its territorial waters without identifying itself belonged to China _ an incident that risks worsening the already cool relations between the two Asian neighbors. 
 "Mean Girls" star Lindsay Lohan and her boyfriend, Wilmer Valderrama, have ended their relationship. 
 The National Archives, home of the original copies of the Declaration of Independence and U.S. Constitution, has dusted off more than 1,000 other relics and put them on public display _ including a home movie starring a 1-year-old George W. Bush toddling across a lawn. 
 President George W. Bush said Friday he'll carry a message of shared values and goals to Europe during a trip planned after his inauguration, reaching out to those dismayed by the Iraq war and what they see as a go-it-alone foreign policy. 
 Hartford Life, a unit of the Hartford Financial Services Group Inc., said it is being investigated by the Securities and Exchange Commission for its use of "directed brokerage" in connection with its mutual funds. 
 With the right coordination, international commitment and about euro10 million (US$13 million), scientists could deliver within a year a candidate vaccine to combat a global flu pandemic, the World Health Organization said. 
 Crude oil futures fell Friday and settled below $48 a barrel for the second straight day, quashing earlier gains as expectations of rising U.S. petroleum inventories offset concerns about a Nigerian strike. 
 U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan heads to Africa next week to focus on the fight against AIDS and conflicts in Sudan and the Great Lakes region of central Africa. He will also attend an international conference to support Iraq and a meeting of French-speaking countries. 
 Union officials representing 40 percent of Walt Disney World's 52,000-person work force asked a mediator to help them reach a contract with the company after a third proposal was rejected by members who also authorized a strike, if necessary. 
 France defended itself against accusations by Ivory Coast authorities _ and some Western evacuees _ that it used excessive force to protect foreigners against violent mobs during five days of upheaval in its former West African colony. 
 The Cuban government paid homage to Yasser Arafat Friday in a solemn ceremony attended by dozens of foreign diplomats, Cuban government officials and Palestinians studying on the island. 
 President George W. Bush has all but abandoned his goal of Palestinian statehood next year, opting instead to spend the next four years trying to help "a truly free state develop" alongside Israel. 
 Mexican Interior Secretary Santiago Creel said Friday he agreed with U.S. officials that immigration reform must be centered on the idea of "circular" migration, in which Mexican workers would return to their country after working in the United States. 
 First, American comedian Jay Leno described him as Yasser "Weekend at Bernie's" Arafat _ a reference to a character in a 1989 comedy film about two men desperately trying to prop up their murdered boss to avoid being blamed for his death. 
 The dedication of Bill Clinton's presidential library next week will feature appearances on both ends of the political spectrum _ from President George W. Bush to Bono, organizers announced. 
 The Iraqi government rushed reinforcements to the country's third-largest city, Mosul, seeking to quell a deadly militant uprising that U.S. officials suspected may be in support of the resistance in Fallujah _ now said to be under 80 percent U.S. control. 
 The veteran intelligence analyst who served as acting CIA director during a wave of criticism of the agency this past summer announced his retirement. 
 Singer Rod Stewart must repay the $780,000 (euro603,668) he accepted as a deposit for a Latin American concert tour that was canceled, a jury ruled. 
 After two record-breaking years of West Nile virus illnesses and deaths, the United States is experiencing a relatively mild season, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said. 
 Police say a man bit an officer and his dog Friday after trying to stiff a cab driver on an early morning fare. 
 Major Chinese telecommunications equipment maker Huawei Technologies Co. has won contracts to supply telecom gear in Kenya, Zimbabwe and Nigeria, the company said Saturday. 
 Et tu, Denzel? 
 With no sign of the Iraq insurgency ending soon, the Army has again raised its goal for replacing regular Humvee utility vehicles in Iraq with armored Humvees, the Army's top civilian official said. 
 Laura Diaz closed with three birdies for a 5-under 67 to take a two-stroke lead after two rounds of the LPGA Tournament of Champions on Friday. 
 More than 5,500 residents of St. Croix, the largest of the U.S. Virgin Islands, have signed a petition asking Congress to make the island its own U.S. territory separate from St. Thomas and St. John. 
 A Jewish assemblyman said that an exhibit of Palestinian art and crafts, scheduled for display in a public building, should be canceled because it is anti-Israel and "promotes terrorism and violence." 
 "Baywatch" may soon be joining the ranks of "Dragnet," "Starsky & Hutch," and "Scooby-Doo" on the list of old TV shows made into movies. 
 As Yasser Arafat was buried, President George W. Bush raised hopes for a Middle East peace and the creation of an independent Palestinian state within four years, suggesting decades of distrust and frustration could be altered by the change of Palestinian leadership. 
 Budget airline AirAsia will reach an agreement as early as next month to acquire 80 new aircraft, either from Boeing Co. or Airbus, its chief executive has said in an interview. 
 President George W. Bush has all but abandoned his goal of Palestinian statehood next year, opting instead to spend the next four years trying to help "a truly free state develop" alongside Israel. 
 A jury convicted Scott Peterson of murdering his pregnant wife, Laci, and now will decide whether the philandering husband whose lurid trial became a TV and tabloid sensation should pay with his life. 
 Mourning the loss of Yasser Arafat, the Palestinian leadership ordered that preparations for new presidential elections start immediately and appealed to the United States to take an active role in securing a vote in 60 days. 
 A man was sentenced to life in prison without parole in the starvation death of his 4-year-old daughter, whose body was found in a picnic cooler left for trash pickup outside his home. 
 Passengers on several flights were ordered off their planes and four concourses were cleared when a software glitch projected the image of a weapon on airport security screening equipment, a Transportation Security Administration spokeswoman said. 
 G.I. Joe, an action-figure toy with a love-or-hate history, drew a historic salute Friday from the National Toy Hall of Fame. 
 Steve Francis scored a season-high 32 points, and Grant Hill added 27 points and 12 rebounds to rally the Orlando Magic to a 122-113 comeback victory over the Los Angeles Lakers on Friday night. 
 South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun said he will not tolerate the development of nuclear weapons by North Korea, but warned a "hard-line policy" against the communist country could lead to grave consequences. 
 Two photographers sued Cameron Diaz and her boyfriend Justin Timberlake for assault and battery, claiming the celebrity couple taunted and attacked them outside a fancy hotel. 
 An Indian-American lawyer sued the producers of the television show "Law & Order" for $15 million (euro11.6 million), claiming they defamed him by portraying him as a crooked attorney in one "ripped from the headlines" episode. 
 New Zealand will review its constitution, Prime Minister Helen Clark said Saturday, but promised no quick changes as her opponents accused her of trying to cut ties to the British monarchy. 
 Rescue teams scoured collapsed buildings for survivors Saturday following a deadly earthquake on the Indonesian island of Alor, where at least 19 people were killed. 
 A commuter van carrying workers from two aerospace companies collided head-on with a tractor-trailer on a Mississippi River bridge, killing four people in the van and injuring four others, authorities said. 
 A bomb exploded at a market in one of Thailand's predominantly Muslim southern provinces early Saturday, killing one Buddhist man and wounding another seven people in the latest of a series of attacks blamed on insurgents. 
 A small bomb exploded outside a girls school in southwestern Pakistan, damaging its outer wall, but causing no injuries, a senior police official said Saturday. 
 The mother adjusted her headscarf and gazed wearily at her daughters' elementary school, one of many Islamic sites targeted in firebomb attacks in the days after the slaying of a Dutch filmmaker, allegedly by a Muslim radical. 
 India said Saturday it was prepared to consider Pakistan's recent proposal to settle the decades-old Kashmir dispute. 
 The veteran intelligence analyst who served as acting CIA director during a wave of criticism of the agency this past summer announced his retirement. The move comes amid internal controversy in some quarters of the agency. 
 A bomb on a minibus exploded Saturday on Indonesia's Sulawesi island, killing five people and raising tensions in a region where religious fighting killed nearly 1,000 people three years ago. 
 A mosque in the southeastern Dutch village of Helden, near the German border, was on fire early Saturday, police said. 
 While Hindus burst firecrackers to celebrate a major festival this week, many people in India's remote northeast set them off to save themselves from marauding herds of wild Asiatic elephants. 
 A National Rugby League player fired by the Canberra Raiders for allegedly being the intended recipient of banned drugs posted to the club's headquarters will appeal the termination of his contract. 
 The veteran intelligence analyst who served as acting CIA director during a wave of criticism of the agency this past summer announced his retirement. The move comes amid internal controversy in some quarters of the agency. 
 More than 50 former Soviet dissidents who spent years in prisons and Siberian exile say Russia is in danger of slipping back into a police state under President Vladimir Putin and the former KGB colleagues he has brought to power. 
 Four U.S. helicopters were hit by groundfire from insurgents in two separate attacks near Fallujah, but their crews were able to return to base safely, the U.S. military said Saturday. 
 A mosque in the southeastern Dutch village of Helden, near the German border, was badly damaged by a fire early Saturday, police said. 
 China's accident-plagued coal mines accounted for 80 percent of the world's coal mining deaths last year, the government said Saturday, calling for more efforts to reduce the carnage. 
 Mourning the loss of Yasser Arafat, the Palestinian leadership ordered that preparations for new presidential elections start immediately and appealed to the United States to take an active role in securing a vote in 60 days. 
 Two Wangs driving Shanghai-produced Volkswagens succeeded on the gravel roads around Perth where big names like Petter Solberg and Marcus Gronholm failed in the season-ending Rally Australia. 
 Indian captain Saurav Ganguly won the toss and elected to bat first in Saturday's limited-overs international against Pakistan at the Eden Gardens. 
 FIFA has ruled that Argentina left back Juan Pablo Sorin can't make his debut for Villarreal until the New Year, the Spanish club said Saturday on its Web site. 
 Cooler air will cover Morocco to western Libya on Sunday. 
 Arnold Schwarzenegger had a look-alike zip in on a Harley-Davidson motorcycle, recycled lines from his movies and lobbed tee-shirts into the adoring crowd. 
 President George W. Bush and British Prime Minister Tony Blair are pledging to rally global support for an independent Palestinian state, but say reviving stalled Mideast peace talks rests with those mourning the passing of longtime Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat. 
 Philippine President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo on Saturday ordered the prosecution of those responsible for a train derailment that killed at least six people and injured more than 120 others. 
 Attackers set off separate explosions at oil and gas pipelines in northern Iraq, an official of the Northern Oil Co. said Saturday. 
 Two Afghan militia soldiers and two police officers died when a dispute between the two groups spiraled out of control, an official said Saturday. 
 Turkey's membership in the European Union rests heavily on Ankara's conduct toward the war-divided island of Cyprus, Greek Premier Costas Caramanlis said Saturday. 
 Three clerics fron an influential Sunni Muslim scholars group were arrested by Iraqi security forces, along with nearly 20 of their followers in raids on mosques in and south of Baghdad, the group said Saturday. 
 Japan and China should calmly try to resolve their differences, China's ambassador to Japan said Saturday, a day after Tokyo filed a protest with Beijing over a Chinese nuclear submarine purportedly intruding into Japanese waters. 
 North Korea said Saturday that it was "quite possible" to settle the international standoff over its nuclear weapons program if the United States drops its alleged goal of toppling the communist regime. 
 Marwan Barghouti has decided to run for Palestinian Authority president in upcoming elections, a source close to the imprisoned Palestinian uprising leader said Saturday. 
 Two bombs exploded in predominantly Muslim southern Thailand on Saturday, killing one Buddhist man and wounding at least 13 people in the latest attacks blamed on insurgents. 
 Relatives of Kenneth Bigley, the Briton beheaded in Iraq, remembered him at a tearful memorial service Saturday as an honest, funny man whose brutal killing devastated those who loved him. 
 Worshippers in the Gulf region thronged to mosques at dawn Saturday and prepared lavish meals to welcome the start of the three-day Eid el-Fitr holiday that ends the holy fasting month of Ramadan. 
 The U.S. Army has diverted an infantry battalion from the fighting in Fallujah and sent them back to Mosul after an uprising there by insurgents, U.S. military officials said Saturday. 
 A South Korean cargo ship, buffeted by strong winds and waves, hit a breakwater in northern Japan on Saturday, killing six crew members and leaving one missing at sea. 
 France's foreign minister said Saturday an independent Palestinian state should be created as soon as possible _ even with "temporary" borders _ and called on the United States and Europe to work urgently toward brokering Middle East peace. 
 India said on Saturday it would consider any formal proposal from Pakistan to settle their decades-old dispute over Kashmir, the Himalayan region at the center of two wars between the nuclear-armed neighbors. 
 Over 100 journalists have been killed since the start of January, making 2004 the most deadly year for journalists in a decade, an international media rights group said. 
 A stampede at the main railroad station in India's capital killed at least five people and injured seven others on Saturday, the railway minister said. 
 Nearly 150 Western nationals evacuated from Ivory Coast were brought to Germany on Saturday by an air force plane, the Defense Ministry said. 
 More than 70 U.S. soldiers from Iraq were flown Saturday to a military hospital in Germany, most of them wounded in the battle for Fallujah, officials said. 
 Iraq's national security adviser Qassem Dawoud said Saturday the massive military operation to retake Fallujah "is accomplished" with about 1,000 insurgents killed and 200 captured. 
 Mimis Chrysomallis, a popular Greek actor, has died of a heart attack, a hospital said Saturday. He was 66. 
 The Dalai Lama is considering a request from Buddhists in Russia's Kalmykia region to visit them later this month, a spokesman for the Tibetan exile government said Saturday. 
 Pope John Paul II has accepted the resignation of Bishop Norbert Dorsey as head of the diocese in Orlando, Florida, the Vatican said Saturday. 
 Insurgents armed with grenades attacked a Romanian army convoy Saturday in Iraq, the Defense Ministry said. No casualties were reported. 
 A mosque in the southeastern village of Helden, near the German border, was gutted by a pre-dawn fire early Saturday in what appeared to be the latest attack on an Islamic site since the killing of a Dutch filmmaker nearly two weeks ago. 
 France believes two French journalists held hostage in Iraq are still alive, but authorities have lost direct contact with their kidnappers, the foreign minister said Saturday. 
 Multiple explosions echoed across the capital of Baghad Saturday as heavy clashes broke out in the streets. 
 A suspect in a 1999 bombing of an apartment building that killed 64 people was brought to Russia's Dagestan region on Saturday after being arrested in the former Soviet republic of Azerbaijan, authorities said. 
 Scott Peterson's lawyers failed to persuade the jury that someone else killed his pregnant wife. Now, they'll try to persuade the same 12 people to spare him from the death penalty. 
 Germans could perk up their lagging economy by spending freely this Christmas, Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder suggested in remarks published Saturday. 
 Iraq's Health Minister said Saturday that the evacuation has begun of wounded civilians trapped inside Fallujah during the past four days of military operations. 
 Skipper Sourav Ganguly and pace bowler Irfan Pathan were included Saturday in India's cricket squad for the first test match against South Africa, after recovering from injuries that curtained their appearance in the recent series against Australia. 
 Norwegian peace brokers left Sri Lanka Saturday after their latest bid to revive the country's stalled peace talks, while the government studied an offer from the Tamil Tiger rebels on how to break the 19-month deadlock. 
 A Serbian wanted for war crimes allegedly committed during the Bosnian war is openly living in a town near Belgrade, despite international pressure on Serbia to extradite war crimes suspects to a U.N. tribunal, a radio station reported Saturday. 
 McDonald's is offering white bean soup on menus in Portugal as part of a pilot project that could land classic Portuguese dishes on McDonald's menus in other countries as well. 
 Airstrikes and clashes west of Baghdad between U.S. troops and rebels have left four people dead and 29 others wounded, police and hospital officials said Saturday. 
 Defender Sorin Ghionea was dropped from the Romanian squad for next week's World Cup qualifier against Armenia because a drug he took to treat a sore throat may contain banned substances, the team's doctor said Saturday. 
 Germany's Anke Wischnewski won the opening World Cup luge race of the season Saturday for her first victory on the circuit. 
 Mortar rounds hit a residential neighborhood on Saturday, killing two children and injuring eight people, police said. 
 British soldiers have finished evacuating 220 Britons and other foreigners fleeing violence in Ivory Coast, the Ministry of Defense said Saturday. 
 The death toll from a devastating fire stood at 26 after emergency workers finished clearing up the ruins of a wooden apartment building that burned to the ground in Siberia, officials said Saturday. 
 Protesters took to the streets of a northwestern Spanish city Saturday to mark the second anniversary of the sinking of the oil tanker Presitige, which spewed thousands of tons of oil into the sea off the coast of Spain. 
 Actor Ed Kemmer, who played the intrepid Cmdr. Buzz Corry in the popular 1950s children's television show "Space Patrol" before becoming a regular on daytime soap operas, has died. He was 84. 
 About 150 people braved chilly weather Saturday to participate in a ceremony honoring the memory of Gypsies killed by the Nazis, state broadcaster ORF reported. 
 Sarajevo-born film director Emir Kusturica has won a slander lawsuit against a Montenegrin writer who accused him of supporting former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic. 
 A man holding a candy box made to look like a bomb held three people hostage for over an hour at a bank in Siberia on Saturday before releasing them unharmed following negotiations, the ITAR-Tass news agency reported. It turned out the box contained no explosives. 
 Three miners were killed and one injured after a shaft collapsed in a gold mine outside Johannesburg on Saturday. 
 Germany's governing party Saturday called for a broad debate on ending the draft and moving to an all-professional army, a sensitive topic because of the legacy of past German militarism. 
 Russia's Irina Slutskaya won the women's portion of the Cup of China on Saturday with a crowd-pleasing comeback performance after an extended break because of illness. 
 Even though the move was expected, civil libertarians are protesting a directive by the government ordering airlines to turn over personal information on their customers that can include credit card numbers and addresses and even indicate a traveler's religion. 
 Serbian basketball player Milan Gurovic was banned from entering Croatia because of a nationalist tattoo on his arm, his club Partizan Belgrade and Croatian authorities said Saturday. 
 Dignitaries will soon gather at the cemetery of this U.S. Army base to honor former enemies _ 44 German soldiers who died as World War II prisoners of war. 
 Marwan Barghouti, a Palestinian uprising leader jailed by Israel who is perhaps the strongest candidate to oust Yasser Arafat's old guard of politicians, plans to run in upcoming presidential elections, a person close to Barghouti said Saturday. 
 More than 1,000 demonstrators marched through Rome on Saturday to protest Israel's security barrier and support the Palestinians after the death of leader Yasser Arafat. 
 Two bombs exploded at a military outpost in the Pyrenees Mountains near the border with France on Saturday, damaging a building but causing no injuries, officials said. 
 The Irish Republican Army is probably bluffing and won't disarm or disband in support of revived Northern Ireland power-sharing, Ulster Unionist leader David Trimble told his party's annual conference Saturday. 
 A 79-year-old man shot to death his severely disabled daughter before killing himself, police said Saturday. 
 A mortar round whistled overhead Saturday as journalists and others were waiting in the Green Zone to accompany interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi to southern Iraq. The projectile did not explode. 
 Russia's top electoral official on Saturday criticized a bill that would toughen registration requirements for political parties, suggesting Kremlin support for the legislation _ which critics say is intended to stifle dissent _ is not guaranteed. 
 Tension persisted Saturday in Georgia's breakaway Abkhazia region, where the outgoing president accused the opposition candidate in last month's disputed presidential election of attempting a coup after his supporters occupied the government compound. 
 Italian President Carlo Azeglio Ciampi visited Naples on Saturday and offered support to the southern city as it tries to end a bloody war between mobsters. 
 Forward Magnus Kahnberg scored Sweden's third penalty Saturday to give Tre Kronor a 3-2 victory over the Czech Republic in the four-nation Karjala Tournament. 
 A German finance official urged the United States to tackle its twin deficits during President George W. Bush's second term to counter concerns weighing on financial markets, a magazine reported Saturday. 
 Brazil's central bank said Saturday it took over the operations of Banco Santos because of the bank's struggling financial situation. 
 France has proof that some of its citizens were raped during rioting in the Ivory Coast and plans to take action against the attackers, the foreign minister said Saturday. 
 Ronan O'Gara inspired Ireland to beat South Africa for the first time in 39 years, while Jason Robinson marked his first game as England captain with three tries in a lopsided 70-0 win over Canada in rugby union internationals on Saturday. 
 Trinidad and Tobago's golfing ace Stephen Ames has launched a foundation to help young golfers develop and raise the profile of the game on his native island. 
 Pakistan defeated India by six wickets Saturday in a one-off limited-over international at Calcutta's Eden Gardens. 
 The main opposition Civic Democratic Party made significant gains in a runoff election for nearly a third of the seats in the upper house of parliament, while the ruling Social Democrats failed to win a single seat, according to election results released Saturday. 
 The five drivers locked in the closest championship race in NASCAR's history have a single, simple goal in Sunday's Southern 500: win. 
 President George W. Bush painted a rosy picture of the situation in Iraq, claiming significant progress Saturday in the U.S. military's battle in an insurgent stronghold. 
 Foreign Minister Miomir Zuzul on Saturday said Croatia supports neighboring Serbia and Montenegro's bid to join NATO's Partnership for Peace program, a key step toward membership in the alliance. 
 A woman and her boyfriend are accused of plotting to sacrifice the woman's three children on a church altar. 
 A former sports and culture minister was arrested Saturday on charges of embezzling 11 million kwatcha (US$101,000; euro78,000), the latest in a string of corruption cases targeting senior members of former President Bakili Muluzi's administration. 
 Iraqi interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi said Saturday he was deeply concerned about the fate of his three kidnapped relatives, but that the abduction would not deter him from purging Iraq of terrorists. 
 TEHRAN, Iran _ Iran is in the "final stages" of negotiations with the Europeans over a nuclear dispute that could be referred to the U.N. Security Council, Foreign Minister Kamal Kharrazi said Saturday. But European diplomats say an agreement is a long way off. 
 A case of funny money has ended happily for a woman who had been charged with passing a bogus $200 bill with President George W. Bush's picture on it. 
 A top U.S. diplomat said Saturday that an Israeli disengagement plan in the Gaza Strip should not be the end of the Middle East peace process. 
 Franz Beckenbauer withdrew from refereeing a charity soccer match on Saturday and also disappointed his old friend Pele. 
 KC Boutiette, Chad Hedrick and Derek Parra of the United States set an unofficial world record in the men's team pursuit at the World Cup speedskating season-opener on Saturday. 
 Vice President Dick Cheney, who has a history of heart trouble, was being taken to a hospital on Saturday for tests after experiencing some shortness of breath, a White House spokesman said. 
 Despite progress, there are still many "stumbling stones" on the way to greater harmony between the various branches of Christianity, Pope John Paul II said Saturday. 
 Richard Petty bundled up tight in a long black coat Saturday to keep the chill away as he walked to his motorhome inside Darlington Raceway. 
 The fight for gay marriage appeared to be gaining ground in the United States a year ago. Although dozens of states had passed laws defining marriage as a heterosexual institution, advocates took heart in state-sanctioned civil unions in Vermont, expanded domestic partnership benefits in California, and a Supreme Court decision striking down the Texas sodomy ban. 
 Capsules of Premier League games played Saturday: 
 Trinidad and Tobago pro Stephen Ames invested US$300,000 (euro230,000) to launch a foundation to help young golfers develop and raise the profile of the game on his native Caribbean island. 
 Flames of fire and heavy black smoke were billowing to the sky after saboteurs attacked an oil pipeline north of Baghdad Saturday night, witnesses said. 
 Goleo VI, a lion puppet designed by the Jim Henson Company that can dance and sing, was introduced Saturday as the mascot for the 2006 World Cup. 
 South African President Thabo Mbeki hosted a third day of talks Saturday aimed at resolving the latest upsurge of violence in Ivory Coast, meeting with his Burkina Faso counterpart _ accused by Ivorian authorities of backing a two-year rebellion in their country. 
 Carlo Rustichelli, an Italian film composer who worked on hundreds of soundtracks and wrote music for the Oscar-winning "Divorce, Italian Style," died Saturday, news reports said. He was 87. 
 David Beckham, out for a month with broken ribs, was named by Sven-Goran Eriksson to England's team for its friendly match on Wednesday against Spain at Real Madrid's Santiago Bernabeu Stadium. 
 By AMY BRACKEN 
 Suspected Marxist rebels gunned down a state attorney in southern Colombia who had been prosecuting captured guerrilla commanders, police said Saturday. 
 Forward Magnus Kahnberg scored Sweden's third penalty for a 3-2 overtime victory over the Czech Republic in the four-nation Karjala Tournament on Saturday. 
 Insurgents targeted three Marine convoys in the western flashpoint city of Ramadi on Saturday, but a Marine spokesman said there were no casualties in the attacks. 
 Egypt's Foreign Minister Ahmed Aboul Gheit said Saturday he would travel to Israel on Nov. 24, making his first visit since he took office and one he has postponed several times. 
 Former Tottenham Hotspur coach Jacques Santini says he quit because of problems with his role at the club _ not for personal reasons. 
 At least five heavy explosions rocked central Baghdad after nightfall Saturday. 
 While most Israelis believed Yasser Arafat was a terrorist, a lone Israeli voice mourned the death of the Palestinian leader on Saturday, saying the region may have lost a true opportunity for peace. 
 Leading scorers in the Bundesliga after Saturday's 13th round matches: 
 Put away the cake. Pass the spinach. 
 Peter Nowak has played in two MLS Cups. He liked the first a lot better. 
 Clashes between U.S. forces and insurgents Saturday in northern Iraq left one Iraqi killed and 10 others injured in the crossfire, a hospital official said. 
 Another NASCAR tradition ends on Sunday with the 55th and final running of the Southern 500. 
 Real Madrid coach Mariano Garcia Remon has asked Sven-Goran Eriksson to limit David Beckham's play in England's upcoming international friendly against Spain, news agency Efe reported Saturday. 
 A prominent politician and journalist embroiled in a recent controversy over the death of a British hostage in Iraq has been fired from senior posts in the Conservative Party, the party said Saturday. 
 A top Palestinian official said Saturday there is no evidence that Israel poisoned Yasser Arafat, but called for an investigation into the cause of death of the Palestinian leader. 
 Strikers Pierre-Alain Frau and Sidney Govou both scored second-half goals Saturday as unbeaten Lyon beat visiting Nantes 2-0 to stay at the top of the French first division. 
 Henry Meyer was a Jewish teenager imprisoned by the Nazis in World War II. Elmer Reis was a U.S. Army soldier who helped liberate the German concentration camp where Meyer had been a prisoner. 
 Residents of this small farming town gathered Saturday to celebrate Hogzilla, a 3.5-meter-long (12-foot-long) wild pig that was supposedly shot by a hunting guide last summer and quickly grew into a worldwide legend. 
 A federal judge has agreed to delay the trial of a Palestinian former professor suspected of terrorist ties, in part because of publicity about the case during Florida's U.S. Senate race and the amount of evidence that attorneys must study. 
 Vice President Dick Cheney, who has a history of heart trouble, went to a hospital Saturday after experiencing shortness of breath. Two tests found no abnormalities, an aide said, and Cheney left after three hours. 
 Attorneys for a man accused of kidnapping a Utah girl for nine months have asked a judge for additional competency evaluations, potentially delaying a trial already held up for months over the issue. 
 U.S. Marines charged up the stairs in one of Fallujah's grandest buildings Saturday, seeking the high ground in their battle with insurgents. There, they found three foreign men lying in wait. 
 Interior ministers of Iraq's neighboring states plus Egypt will convene for a two-day meeting in Tehran on Nov. 30, Iran's official news agency reported Saturday. 
 Insurgents attacked a military base outside Baghdad Saturday, killing one coalition soldier, the U.S. military said. 
 The Presbyterian Church (USA) has stepped up security at its headquarters and advised its churches to be on alert after receiving a letter threatening arson attacks because of its policies in the Middle East. 
 PSV Eindhoven extended its lead in the Dutch premier league to five points by beating Willem II Tilburg 1-0 Saturday on a first-half goal by Jan Vennegoor of Hesselink. 
 Prince Charles joined 140 military widows Saturday for an annual ceremony honoring Britain's war dead, including those killed in Iraq. 
 Israeli officials have decided to allow Palestinian security forces to continue carrying guns in public, military sources said Saturday, in a move aimed at building goodwill with the new Palestinian leadership. 
 Developments in Iraq on Saturday: 
 Swiss President Joseph Deiss climbed the towering Pyramid of the Sun at the pre-Hispanic ruins of Teotihuacan outside Mexico City on Saturday, a day after meeting with his Mexican counterpart. 
 U.S. Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld met Saturday with Panamanian President Martin Torrijos and expressed support for regional security agreements aimed at reducing drug trafficking, terrorism and other threats in Latin America and the Caribbean. 
 By PETER PRENGAMAN 
 Germany and the Netherlands drew 1-1 on Saturday and both advanced to the field hockey final of the Women's Champions Trophy. 
 A 61-year-old Japanese tourist was in serious condition Saturday after being stabbed and then hit by a car while trying to escape from robbers in the upscale Copacabana district in Rio de Janeiro, authorities said. 
 Archbishop Sean O'Malley made an emotional appeal Saturday to Catholics who oppose the downsizing of local parishes, saying the cuts are so painful that he sometimes asks God to "call me home and let someone else finish this job." 
 Benfica drew Maritimo 1-1 and allowed European champion FC Porto to take over the lead in the Portuguese league after it beat last-placed Gil Vicente 2-0 on Saturday. 
 Six Nations champion France muscled out Australia 27-14 and Ireland upset Tri-Nations holder South Africa 17-12 for the first time in 39 years in international rugby on Saturday. 
 Police said Saturday they planned to mediate dialogues between local gang members in attempts to lower homicide rates on the island. 
 Hank Kuehne and Jeff Sluman combined for a 10-under 62 and moved into a tie for the lead with Justin Leonard and Steve Flesch after two rounds of the Franklin Templeton Shootout on Saturday. 
 Today is Sunday, November 21, the 325th day of 2004. There are 40 days left in the year. 
 On a strategic mountaintop not far from Afghanistan, soldiers man machine guns in stone bunkers and the boom of rocket and artillery fire occasionally echoes in the distance. 
 Palestinian officials pushed forward with plans for life without Yasser Arafat, meeting Sunday to set a date for elections to replace their longtime leader after his death this week. 
 A surfer who was bumped off his board by a shark was able to push the animal away and paddle back to shore. 
 Peace plans bearing the name of U.S. presidents or their secretaries of state litter the history books of the Middle East, most of them discarded as failures or nonstarters. Now, it seems U.S. President George W. Bush is ready to try his hand. 
 Taliban-linked militants threatening to kill three U.N. hostages are accusing the United States of hampering their release, although an Afghan official says a ransom demand is the main stumbling block. 
 After a 23-year war of independence and three terms as president, Sam Nujoma of Namibia is ready to step down, bringing an end to an era marked by fiery rhetoric as well as pragmatism and stability. 
 Slow implementation of HIV/AIDS treatment programs in six Caribbean countries could jeopardize US$4.1 million in grants from the Global AIDS Fund, an AIDS organization said Saturday. 
 Dutch authorities say 13 young Muslims arrested on terrorism charges in the Netherlands following the murder of filmmaker Theo van Gogh are members of a radical Islamic group with international links and a Syrian-born spiritual leader. 
 Differences about who is responsible for the environmental cleanup of former U.S. bombing ranges in Panama re-emerged on Saturday as U.S. Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld visited Panama. 
 Frightened Westerners _ many of them longtime residents of Ivory Coast _ piled into buses, boats and planes in a growing French-run evacuation despite government promises to quell a surge of anti-foreigner violence. 
 Californians will soon see advertisements urging them to help give Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger and other foreign-born citizens the chance to run for president. 
 It started the day after the U.S. presidential election with one student posting a picture of himself on the Internet holding up a sign reading: "Sorry world (we tried) _ half of America." 
 The steady crowds cross an arched bridge and follow a pebbled path into a forest of towering cypress trees, bowing before a simple gate that stands between them and the holiest place in Japan _ the inner sanctuary of the Grand Shrines of Ise. 
 Some facts about Shinto: 
 NEW YORK _ Global warming has had little noticeable impact in Washington, D.C. Politicians in the U.S. capital have been reluctant to set limits on the carbon dioxide pollution that is expected to warm the planet by 2 degrees to 4 degrees Celsius (4 degrees to 7 degrees Fahrenheit) during the next century, citing uncertainty about the severity of the threat. 
 The same day Dutch mourners gathered outside a crematorium for a final goodbye to slain filmmaker Theo Van Gogh, police on the other side of the world made a horrific discovery in a hut: the decapitated body of a Thai laborer. 
 Thomas M. Foglietta, a South Philadelphia politician who served for 17 years in Congress and later was named U.S. ambassador to Italy, has died. He was 75. 
 Chinese President Hu Jintao took a break during his South American visit to enjoy a lighthearted Brazilian "churrasco," or barbecue, with Brazil's President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva. 
 Four Mexican states choose new governors on Sunday, capping a year of elections during which the former ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party made a strong comeback after losing the presidency for the first time in 2000. 
 Krissy Wendell scored three goals in the United States' 6-3 victory over Sweden on Saturday that put the Americans into the gold medal game of the Four Nations Cup international women's hockey tournament. 
 New Zealand lost it tour opening cricket match against New South Wales by nine wickets Sunday when Phil Jaques and Matthew Phelps combined for a 100-run partnership to guide the hosts to a successful chase of 129. 
 Four Mexican states will be choosing a new governor on Sunday. The Institutional Revolutionary Party, or PRI, which controlled Mexico's presidency from 1929 until 2000, is leading pre-election polls in three of the races. Here is a look at the candidates: 
 Too much praise can turn Steve Martin into a wild and insincere guy. 
 Police said Sunday they have arrested two men and seized 3 million ecstasy tablets worth about 200 million Australian dollars (US$154 million, euro119 million) that the pair imported from Poland hidden inside a bakery oven. 
 The rap artist O.D.B., whose utterly unique rhymes, wild lifestyle and incessant legal troubles made him one of the most vivid characters in hip-hop, collapsed and died inside a recording studio Saturday. He was 35. 
 Vice President Dick Cheney, who has a history of heart trouble, went to a hospital after experiencing shortness of breath. Tests found no abnormalities, an aide said, and Cheney left after three hours. 
 It's been a year since Arnold Schwarzenegger became California's 38th governor, and the Hollywood actor-turned-politician remains a phenomenon _ theatrical, unbridled and radiating raw confidence. 
 About 20 people marched to the U.S. Consulate General in Hong Kong on Sunday to protest against the U.S. army's offensive on Iraqi insurgents in Fallujah, a protester said. 
 Racing resumed Saturday at Hoosier Park without 10 jockeys who refused to ride because of a dispute over insurance coverage. 
 Evander Holyfield may have finally run out of reasons to keep fighting. If so, it appears he'll be the last one to admit it. 
 Two attackers riding on a motorcycle fatally shot a minority Shiite Muslim outside a mosque in southern Pakistan before fleeing, police said Sunday. 
 Australians on Sunday commemorated the efforts of a British explorer whose tenacity prevented their country being named New Holland or Terra Australis. 
 Malaysia's top Islamic opposition leader has urged Muslim clerics in neighboring Thailand to talk to their king and their government to resolve a bloody separatist conflict in the southern part of the country. 
 Clashes between U.S. troops and insurgents broke out Sunday north of Baghdad after militants took control of the highway linking the capital with the northern city of Mosul, according to eyewitnesses. 
 It will be cool across Libya on westward to Morocco on Monday while a few showers may continue to affect parts of northern Algeria and Tunisia. 
 Communist guerrilla snipers killed two members of a special police force combing the jungle north of Manila in search of the rebels, officials said Sunday. 
 A fire broke out in a crowded slum area in the Indian capital early Sunday, killing three children and two women, an official said. 
 Raids on mosques and the arrests of several hardline Sunni clerics have raised fears that the U.S.-led assault on the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah will further alienate Iraq's Sunni minority from the majority Shiites and autonomy-seeking Kurds. 
 Northern Ireland's Darren Clarke fired a 4-under 68 Sunday to win the Japan Golf Tour's Taiheiyo Masters. 
 The European Human Rights Court is overwhelmed by the number of complaints from ordinary citizens in Europe, a newspaper reported Sunday. 
 Scotland's Colin Montgomerie held off Tiger Woods to win a one-day Skins golf competition on Sunday. 
 Grand champion Asashoryu overpowered Tochinonada on Sunday while local favorite Kaio was upset on the first day of the Kyushu Grand Sumo Tournament. 
 India will invest US$3 billion (euro2.3 billion) in developing oil and gas fields in Russia to build a partnership in the energy sector, a news report said Sunday. 
 A prominent official of the Iraqi Communist Party was gunned down with two of his bodyguards outside of Baghdad, a party official said Sunday. 
 Hundreds of protesters marched Sunday in a central Iraqi town to protest the massive U.S. offensive against the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah and denounced the country's interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi. 
 Japan's Princess Sayako, the only daughter of Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko, will announce her plans to marry a 39-year-old Tokyo metropolitan government official in the coming weeks, an official said Sunday. 
 One person was killed and six injured when a fire broke out at a party in Amsterdam early Sunday, police said. 
 Vernon Wells was a big hit in Japan. Now he's hoping his success in the Far East will carry over to next season. 
 Suspected Islamic militants gunned down a Buddhist ex-policeman and a migrant worker Sunday in the latest violence to hit Thailand's tense, mostly Muslim deep south, police said. 
 Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon told his Cabinet on Sunday that he won't rule out the possibility of allowing Palestinians living in disputed east Jerusalem to vote in upcoming Palestinian elections, meeting participants said. 
 Australians on Sunday commemorated the efforts of a British explorer whose tenacity prevented their country being named New Holland or Terra Australis. 
 A man detained on terrorism charges in Singapore will testify by video link against a man accused of planning a bomb attack on Australia's national electricity grid, a newspaper reported Sunday. 
 Frenchman Sebastien Loeb capped a championship-winning run with a record-equaling sixth victory of the season Sunday in the World Rally Championship event in Australia. 
 Queen Elizabeth II laid a wreath of red poppies at the foot of the Cenotaph monument on Sunday in a somber service in honor of Britain's war dead. 
 The same day Dutch mourners gathered outside a crematorium for a final goodbye to slain filmmaker Theo van Gogh, police on the other side of the world made a horrific discovery in a hut: the decapitated body of a Thai laborer. 
 A U.N. human rights official on Sunday called for an investigation into a grenade attack on protesters at an anti-logging rally in central Cambodia. 
 The Ulster Defense Association, Northern Ireland's largest outlawed group, announced Sunday it wants to rejoin peacemaking efforts, a potentially significant step forward in the peace process. 
 U.S. Marines on Sunday found the mutilated body of what they believe was a Western woman during a sweep of a street in central Fallujah. 
 Palestinian officials scheduled presidential elections for Jan. 9, 2005, pushing forward with steps to a secure a new leader following the death of Yasser Arafat. 
 England test batsman Graham Thorpe on Sunday accused his bosses of bullying the players into going on a tour of Zimbabwe which could lead to violence on the streets of the ailing African country. 
 Macedonia's opposition parties filed a formal complaint with the Supreme Court on Sunday over what they say were irregularities during a referendum on the rights of minority ethnic Albanians in the Balkan republic. 
 Italian troops will not remain in Iraq if the new government elected in January can quell violence in the country on its own, Italy's defense minister said Sunday. 
 A Romanian soldier was slightly injured in an attack on a military base in Baghdad, the Defense Ministry said Sunday. 
 French President Jacques Chirac lashed out Sunday at the leadership of Ivory Coast, criticizing a "questionable regime" and a spate of anti-Western violence in the African county that could degenerate into "anarchy." 
 A bus traveling overnight from Spain to Belgium crashed on a highway in northern France early Sunday, killing two passengers and seriously injuring four others, officials said. 
 A small boat carrying would-be immigrants across the Mediterranean capsized south of the island of Malta, and rescuers have not found any survivors, an official said Sunday. 
 At least 100 civilians have been killed in Chechnya since the start of the year, and 100 others who were abducted are still missing, a leading Russian human rights group said Sunday. 
 Israel's army chief told the Israeli Cabinet on Sunday that the military will stop permitting Palestinian security forces in the West Bank from carrying arms in public in the next 24 hours, meeting participants said. 
 Militants launched attacks against two police stations in northern Mosul, killing at least six Iraqi National Guards and wounding three others, Iraqi officials said. 
 Israeli settlements will fill Palestinian land by 2009, a Syrian Cabinet member wrote in a Sunday commentary condemning U.S. President George W. Bush for pushing back his estimate of when a Palestinian state could emerge. 
 Indian cricket captain Sourav Ganguly was suspended on Sunday for two test matches due to India's slow bowling overrate in the limited-over international against Pakistan in Calcutta on Saturday. 
 A leading political party called Sunday on Serbs to boycott the Serbia-Montenegro military because of the mysterious deaths of two soldiers _ alleged murders that some officials link to top war crimes suspects. 
 Namibians will choose the successor to the only leader they have known when they vote Monday and Tuesday in presidential and parliamentary elections. 
 A U.S. general said Sunday that 31 American troops and six Iraqi soldiers have been killed so far in the battle to retake the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah. 
 The Ulster Defense Association, Northern Ireland's largest outlawed group, announced Sunday it will stop fighting, saying it wants to rejoin peacemaking efforts. 
 More than 40 students went on a hunger strike in northeastern Ukraine on Sunday to protest the jailing of six election observers during last month's presidential vote, Ukrainian television reported. 
 Police and intelligence agencies have prevented international terrorists from striking Britain by disrupting their planned attacks, the head of London's police said Sunday. 
 Serbia's Prime Minister Vojislav Kostunica said Sunday that his government cannot arrest war crimes suspects sought by the U.N. tribunal because it would undermine the Balkan republic's stability. 
 Israeli military intelligence has identified a new security threat: advanced cellular telephones. 
 The government must do more to secure the release of four Britons detained as terror suspects in Guantanamo Bay, supporters of the detainees said Sunday. 
 Algerian rescuers searched Sunday for 18 sailors missing after stormy weather shipwrecked three boats near the Algiers port and left at least six dead. 
 Wolfgang Nitschke was suspended Sunday by the German Wrestling Federation (DRB) after documents allegedly revealed the freestyle coach for the national team once worked for East Germany's secret police. 
 Prime Minister Pedro Santana Lopes was confirmed Sunday as leader of the Social Democrats at the end of a three-day party congress. 
 Saboteurs set fire Sunday to four oil wells in Iraq's northern fields, Iraqi oil official said. 
 Venezuelan police officers seized 200 kilograms (440 pounds) of cocaine on a boat destined for Spain at a port close to Caracas, a police official said. 
 Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on Sunday reaffirmed Moscow's adherence to a 1956 declaration in which the Soviet Union voiced readiness to hand over two of the four disputed Kuril Islands to Japan. 
 Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin said Sunday that two French journalists held hostage for nearly three months in Iraq were thought to be in a "fairly safe" part of the country. 
 Formula One driver Rubens Barrichelo won the Granja Viana 500 kart race Sunday, beating stars Juan Pablo Montoya, Gil de Ferran and Helio Castro Neves. 
 President Thabo Mbeki met Sunday with Ivorian opposition leaders as part of efforts to resolve the latest upsurge of violence in Ivory Coast, a South African news agency reported. 
 The opposition on Sunday protested to broadcasting authorities saying that news of President Ion Iliescu getting a haircut on prime-time television was illegal election campaigning. 
 Vice President Dick Cheney, back home after a brief hospital visit, has nothing more than a cold and his heart is fine, an adviser said Sunday. 
 U.S. Marines on Sunday reopened the Fallujah bridge where Iraqis strung up the charred bodies of two American contractors in March, with officers calling the span's clearing for traffic a symbolic victory in the fight against Iraq's insurgents. 
 Austria's Markus Kleinheinz won a men's singles luge World Cup race Sunday, handily beating Russia's Albert Demtchenko. 
 Two Italians were killed in landslides this weekend as fierce storms pounded the country, causing floods that slowed trains, cut off traffic and forced hundreds of people to evacuate their homes. 
 France's health minister said Sunday there was no reason to suspect Yasser Arafat was poisoned because French legal authorities would have intervened if medical tests had pointed to wrongdoing. 
 Insurgents clashed with American troops Sunday, after blowing up a railroad overpass a day earlier in the northern Iraqi town of Beiji, the U.S. military said. 
 Leading scorers in Italy's Serie A following Sunday's Round 12 matches (penalties in parentheses): 
 Dutchman Gianni Romme won the men's 5,000 meters and Jennifer Rodriguez of the United States took the women's 1,500 in the season-opening World Cup speedskating meet Sunday. 
 A powerful storm moved through Greece on Sunday, causing power outages, floods and halting transportation services, authorities said. 
 About 400 suspected insurgents have been arrested in Fallujah fighting, including "some" foreigners, interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi said. 
 The United States' trade deficit is soaring and the once high-flying dollar has sunk to record lows against Europe's common currency. But President George W. Bush's administration has reacted with remarkable calm to developments that raise worries about a possible dollar crisis. 
 Baghdad's international airport will reopen to civilian traffic Monday after being closed for a week under a state of emergency declared before the assault on Fallujah, Prime Minister Ayad Allawi said. 
 Heavy explosions hit central Baghdad after nightfall Sunday, followed by a spate of gunfire. 
 Mexico's former ruling party was poised to extend its comeback this year in state elections, as residents of four states went to the polls to choose new governors on Sunday. 
 Militants burst into a mourning tent for Yasser Arafat on Sunday, firing from their assault rifles for several minutes and forcing security guards to hustle away the Palestinian leader's temporary successor, Mahmoud Abbas. 
 Palestinian officials pushed forward with plans for life without Yasser Arafat, setting Jan. 9 as the date for elections to replace their longtime leader, but for the first time since Arafat's death, internal Palestinian violence hit Gaza. 
 An American researcher claimed Sunday to have discovered the remains of the legendary lost city of Atlantis on the bottom of the east Mediterranean Sea. But Cyprus' chief government archaeologist was skeptical. 
 Morale remains strong among the more than 200 soldiers wounded in combat and brought to the main U.S. military hospital in Europe since the fighting in Fallujah began, the hospital's commander said Sunday. 
 Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero launched Spain's debate on the European Union constitution Sunday, urging his countrymen to back it in the referendum set for next February. 
 Chris Byrd and John Ruiz are still heavyweight boxing champions but not surprisingly they retained their titles in contrasting ways at Madison Square Garden. 
 Formula One star Rubens Barrichelo and 2004 IRL champion Tony Kanaan led their team to victory in the Granja Viana 500 kart race on Sunday. 
 Wayne Rooney and Ruud van Nistelrooy rekindled Manchester United's championship hopes in a 3-1 victory at Newcastle on Sunday. 
 Stanley Cup champion Dan Boyle of the Tampa Bay Lightning and goalie Marty Turco of the Dallas Stars signed contracts this weekend with struggling Swedish Elite League club Djurgarden. 
 African leaders ended an emergency summit Sunday on Ivory Coast agreeing to support an arms embargo, other proposed U.N. sanctions against the Ivory Coast government and rebels. 
 A brief summary of Serie A matches played Sunday in Round 12 of the Italian league: 
 Vice President Dick Cheney, back home after a brief hospital visit, has nothing more than a bad cold and his heart is fine, his wife and an adviser said Sunday. 
 Italy coach Marcello Lippi named a squad devoid of nearly all of his top players for a friendly against Finland on Wednesday in Messina, Sicily. 
 Nearly 700 alleged Islamic militants have been released from detention during the past two months, Egypt's Interior Ministry said Sunday. 
 Some of Britain's biggest pop stars gathered Sunday to record a new version of the hugely successful 1984 fund-raising hit "Do They Know It's Christmas?," being re-released this year to benefit victims of violence in Sudan. 
 American singer Lou Pride was hospitalized following a heart attack, organizers of the Lucerne Blues Festival said Sunday. 
 Emergency personnel on Sunday rescued 70 people one by one after they became stranded on a ski lift buffeted by unusually gusty winds, authorities said. 
 Santa Claus could not conquer "The Incredibles." 
 President Yoweri Museveni on Sunday ordered the army to suspend attacks on insurgents for a week in a part of northern Uganda to allow rebel leaders to gather there and discuss his offer to end a civil war that has forced more than 1.5 million people from their homes, a spokesman said. 
 Bayern Munich coach Felix Magath blasted his team's critics Sunday just minutes after rookie forward Paolo Guerrero scored twice to lift his club to a 3-1 comeback win over Bochum. 
 Jussi Jokinen scored three goals to lead Finland past archrival Sweden 5-2 and win the Karjala Tournament for the seventh straight year on Sunday. 
 The bodies of five children and their Congolese father were found Sunday in a smoldering car that was intentionally set on fire north of Brussels, officials said. 
 U.S. military announced Sunday that 38 U.S. troops have been killed and 275 wounded in the ongoing operation in Fallujah. 
 The Netherlands' ambassador to the Ivory Coast and three members of his staff were evacuated and the Dutch Embassy was closed, the Dutch foreign ministry said Sunday. 
 Basques singing songs honoring jailed members of the armed separatist group ETA turned out by the thousands Sunday at a festive rally to promote talks to resolve Spain's biggest political impasse _ Basque autonomy. 
 The Dutch prime minister visited a Turkish mosque in the city of Eindhoven Sunday in a show of solidarity after a wave of attacks on Muslim buildings in the Netherlands. 
 U.S. Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld praised Panama on Sunday for its stewardship of the Panama Canal, which is marking 90 years as the world's link between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans. 
 Mexico's lower house of Congress has passed a revised version of next year's income bill, and plans to wrap up the spending portion of the 2005 budget early in the week. 
 Autopsy results for the rapper known as O.D.B., who died at a Manhattan recording studio, will not be available for several days while authorities conduct medical tests, officials said Sunday. 
 More than a dozen insurgents attacked the Polish Embassy in Baghdad with machine guns Sunday, prompting embassy guards to return fire in an exchange that lasted for a half hour, a Foreign Ministry spokesman in Warsaw said. No one was reported killed or injured. 
 The Catholic Diocese of Tucson started placing ads in publications to notify abuse victims that they must file a claim by a certain date or lose their right to seek compensation. 
 Developments in Iraq on Sunday: 
 Kidnappers have released two women relatives of Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi, two pan-Arab satellite channels broadcast Sunday. But the Iraqi government said it had no knowledge of the release. 
 Christophe Landrin equalized late in the first half Sunday, but the 1-1 draw with visiting Monaco dropped Lille three points behind French first division leader Lyon after 14 rounds. 
 Nearly two weeks after John Kerry conceded the election and President George W. Bush laid out his agenda, New Mexico is among several states that have yet to determine the winner's margin of victory. 
 A woman who fumbled a few phrases of Mexico's national anthem while singing the song before a soccer game in Guadalajara has been fined US$40(euro31) for the blunder. 
 Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin made his first visit to Haiti, briefly touring a country mired in political upheaval and trying to recover from a rebellion that ousted its elected president. 
 Jimmie Johnson took advantage of a pit mistake by Jeff Gordon's team and won the final Southern 500 on Sunday, making the tightest championship chase in NASCAR history even closer with one race remaining. 
 An Australian group captain was lauded for heroism Sunday after taking the controls of a British army Lynx helicopter after the aircraft took fire over central Iraq. 
 By the time Andrew Golota and John Ruiz began their ugliness, it was Sunday morning and some in the crowd at Madison Square Garden had so much to drink that they were fighting among themselves. 
 Today is Monday, November 22, the 326th day of 2004. There are 39 days left in the year. 
 Iran has given the United Nations a written promise to fully suspend uranium enrichment, according to diplomats and Iranian officials, in an apparent bid to dispel suspicions that Tehran wants to build a nuclear bomb. 
 Retired nurse Carolyn Rowe carries vivid memories of cancer patients she treated and says their suffering drives her strong support for Scotland's plan to ban smoking in all enclosed public places. 
 Namibians will choose the successor to the only leader they have known when they vote Monday and Tuesday in presidential and parliamentary elections. 
 Secondhand smoke can cause cancer. It's what the surgeon general says. So too the Environmental Protection Agency. And the World Health Organization. 
 As Bill Clinton's library is unveiled at a gala opening this week, one thing is certain: His messy legacy will be on full display. 
 Is it time to turn down the volume on TV news? 
 The U.S. dollar was trading at 105.43 yen on the Tokyo foreign exchange market at 9 a.m. (0000 GMT) Monday, down 0.67 yen from late Friday. 
 In the days since he was elected to the U.S. Senate, Barack Obama has chatted by phone with President George W. Bush, had his picture in People magazine and appeared several times on national television. 
 The United States' Roman Catholic bishops are holding their fall meeting this week during troubled times for the nation's church. 
 The "dolce vita" days for Italy's lazy language learners are gone. 
 Argentina edged Australia 3-2 to win the bronze medal in the Women's Champions Trophy on Sunday, while China won its first match to claim fifth by defeating New Zealand 3-0. 
 Former Manchester United, Aston Villa and Chelsea goalkeeper Mark Bosnich admits he still sometimes takes cocaine, despite denying he'd used drugs before he was banned from the England's Premier League for nine months last year. 
 While little girls gleefully wear Cinderella's gown, don Jasmine's slippers or otherwise play with toys from the panoply of Disney Princess characters, little boys are not clamoring for Prince Charming merchandise. 
 Hank Kuehne and Jeff Sluman birdied four of the last five holes and beat Justin Leonard and Steve Flesch by two strokes at the Franklin Templeton Shootout on Sunday. 
 Reasons to move to Canada, as cited by www.canadianalternative.com: 
 A squatter "shack" that bulges like a tumor off the outside wall of a Mexico City museum is an experiment in living _ or an eyesore, a waste of money, an affront to the country's millions of real squatters, depending on whom you ask. 
 Monterrey, Toluca and Guadalajara qualified for the quarterfinals in the penultimate round of the Mexican league. 
 The war crimes trial of three former members of the Kosovo Liberation Army begins at the U.N. Yugoslav tribunal Monday, marking the first time ethnic Albanians face charges stemming from the Kosovo war. 
 A new post-qualifying procedure designed to save money and significantly alter racing weekends will begin next season in NASCAR. 
 African leaders have backed an arms embargo and other immediate U.N. sanctions against Ivory Coast, isolating President Laurent Gbagbo's hard-line government even further in its deadly confrontation with its former colonial ruler, France. 
 Interim Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas escaped unharmed after gunmen firing assault rifles burst into a tent in Gaza City where he was greeting people who came to mourn Yasser Arafat, a grim sign that efforts to prevent chaos during the transition may not succeed. 
 State Senate President Richard Codey took the oath of office as New Jersey's acting governor, a role he will assume Tuesday after Gov. James E. McGreevey's resignation becomes official. 
 Insurgents stormed two police stations in the strife-ridden city of Mosul, killing at least six Iraqi troops as attacks spread throughout Sunni Muslim areas following the U.S.-led assault on Fallujah. 
 The Catholic Diocese of Tucson is placing ads in publications nationwide to notify abuse victims that they must file claims by a deadline or lose the right to seek compensation. 
 Ben Roethlisberger became the first NFL rookie quarterback to win his first seven starts since 1970, and Jerome Bettis had two short touchdown runs in leading the Pittsburgh Steelers over the Cleveland Browns 24-10 on Sunday. 
 Harvard University enhanced the reputation of the Nazi regime when it sanctioned events in the 1930s attended by Nazis, a historian claimed. 
 Gold opened at US$438.05 an ounce on Monday in Hong Kong, up US$1.80 an ounce from Friday's close of US$436.25. 
 Pakistan's prime minister plans to discuss the territorial dispute with India over Kashmir along with other pending issues when he meets his Indian counterpart during a visit to New Delhi next week. 
 Serena Williams moved a step closer to salvaging her season with a 4-6, 7-6 (2), 6-4 semifinal victory over Amelie Mauresmo in the WTA Championships on Sunday. 
 Cubans and tourists lined up to change U.S. dollars into local currency Sunday, the last day to do so without paying a 10 percent surcharge that is part of a government measure to eliminate the dollar from circulation on this communist-run island. 
 Meteorologists warned of falling ash and minor earthquakes Monday following a minor eruption by Mount Asama, one of Japan's largest and most active volcanoes. 
 China says it will use a meeting of Pacific Rim leaders this week to unveil an initiative on energy cooperation. Indonesia wants to lobby Washington to renew military ties. Vietnam is expected to push its campaign to join the World Trade Organization. 
 Actor Robert Blake's lawyers are looking for jurors who love a good mystery and may be open to conspiracy theories while prosecutors are seeking conservative, common sense people who make quick decisions, according to legal experts. 
 Prime Minister John Howard's legislative agenda for a historic fourth term will be outlined Tuesday when parliament convenes for the first time since elections on Oct. 9. 
 Tokyo stocks climbed Monday morning, encouraged by Wall Street's rally last week and an upgrade of major Japanese banks by an international credit rating agency. The U.S. dollar was lower against the yen. 
 Iraq's new ambassador to Australia has arrived in Canberra, a government spokesman said Monday. 
 Harry Lampert, the illustrator who created the DC Comics superhero 'The Flash' and later became known for his instructional books on bridge, has died. He was 88. 
 Bill Bennett, who helped develop the modern hang glider and popularized the sport through exhibitions and publicity stunts, has died. He was 73. 
 Crude futures eased slightly Monday in light trade as traders looked toward another expected build in U.S. crude stocks, shrugging off another attack on oil fields in Iraq and a looming strike in Africa's largest exporter Nigeria. 
 The Netherlands beat Germany 2-0 to win the Women's Champions Trophy on Sunday and earned some compensation for losing their gold-medal showdown at the Athens Olympics. 
 Swede Jonas Bjorkman and Australian Todd Woodbridge beat defending champions Bob and Mike Bryan of the United States 6-3, 6-4 in a round-robin match of the ATP Masters Cup doubles championships Sunday. 
 It will be a long chilly winter for many Chinese, as shortages of coal and electricity fail to keep up with demand, state media reported Monday. 
 Autopsy results for rapper O.D.B., who died at a Manhattan recording studio, will not be available for several days while authorities conduct medical tests, officials said. 
 State Senate President Richard Codey took the oath of office as New Jersey's acting governor, a role he will assume Tuesday after Gov. James E. McGreevey's resignation becomes official. 
 A group of dissidents urged the European Union to maintain current sanctions against Cuba's communist government, two days before a debate in Brussels to decide future policy toward the Caribbean island. 
 Vanuatu's Cabinet on Monday agreed to grant diplomatic recognition to Taiwan despite having long-standing formal links with China, a government spokesman said. 
 Mexico's Institutional Revolutionary Party was leading in three of Mexico's four gubernatorial races Sunday, hoping to cap a year of elections with a string of victories that could make it a strong contender in the next presidential election. 
 Dissident politician Anwar Ibrahim paid a surprise visit Monday to Prime Minister Abdullah Ahmad Badawi _ his first public step to mend fences with the government that threw him out more than six years ago. 
 A British backpacker who went missing in Australia last month and was initially feared to have been murdered is now believed to have committed suicide, police said Monday. 
 The death toll in a coal mine gas explosion in southwest China has doubled to 12 and seven workers are still missing, the government said Monday. 
 R&B sensation Usher won all his show-leading four nominations at the American Music Awards on Sunday, and rap funksters OutKast went three-for-three during a performance-studded, occasionally censored broadcast ceremony. 
 Five people were killed when a small airplane crashed in bad weather near an apartment complex for seniors, authorities said. There were no survivors aboard the plane. 
 Ben Roethlisberger became the first NFL rookie quarterback to win his first seven starts since 1970, and Jerome Bettis had two short touchdown runs in leading the Pittsburgh Steelers over the Cleveland Browns 24-10 on Sunday. 
 Two men have been arrested in Belgium in connection with the largest shipment of ecstasy ever seized in Australia, police said Monday. 
 The number of corporate bankruptcies in Japan for October fell 23.3 percent from the same month a year ago as government assistance prevented small companies from collapsing, a private research agency said Monday. 
 Thousands of unionized civil servants launched a strike Monday, demanding that the government withdraw a bill that would restrict their right to collective action. The government warned the strike was illegal and police said they made 145 arrests. 
 Two men have been arrested in Belgium in connection with the largest shipment of ecstasy ever seized in Australia, police said Monday. 
 A millionaire New Zealand businessman implicated in a major racehorse doping investigation was found dead at his home near Christchurch, police said Monday. 
 The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues closed at 11,227.57 points on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Monday, up 207.59 points, or 1.89 percent, from Friday. 
 Along with their monthly ration of sugar, rice and flour, Iraqis are receiving a piece of paper promoted as a key to a democratic Iraq: a voter registration sheet. 
 Midnight Oil rock singer Peter Garrett got a fiery reception in Canberra on Monday as he prepared for his new role as opposition lawmaker, with a government minister accusing him of lying about his voting record. 
 Five people were killed when a small airplane crashed in bad weather near an apartment complex for seniors, authorities said. There were no survivors aboard the plane. 
 China said Monday it would return to dialogue with Taiwan only if Taiwanese President Chen Shui-bian renounces formal independence for the self-ruled island and endorses a 1992 agreement on the status of the two sides. 
 Nearly 40,000 of India's half million troops in disputed Kashmir will be withdrawn to boost peace talks with rival Pakistan, a news report said Monday. 
 A Cameroon club is bidding to be the third foreign team to play in Singapore's domestic soccer league and, its president said, will likely become the first team to fly across continents to play professionally on a full-time basis. 
 Ireland's religious and political leaders have asked Pope John Paul II to visit this predominantly Catholic country. 
 Gold bullion opened Monday at a bid price of US$438.60 a troy ounce, up from US$437.70 late Friday. 
 They are foreign enemies buried thousands of miles from home, but they are not forgotten. 
 A U.S. soldier has been charged in connection with wrongful killing of Iraqis, the U.S. military said Monday. 
 Strong winds severed a cable carrying an empty gondola up one of Austria's most popular alpine ski slopes, sending the car crashing to the ground, authorities said Monday. 
 Ireland should give greater rights to homosexual couples but any moves to legalize gay marriage are "a long way off," Prime Minister Bertie Ahern said. 
 Canada's prime minister urged rival groups to disarm and political factions to settle differences so the poorest nation in the Western hemisphere can make the best use of international aid. 
 Danish Queen Margrethe will help kick off celebrations marking next year's bicentennial of the birth of Hans Christian Andersen, the Danish fairy tale writer, during an eight-day official visit to Japan. 
 Pakistan's prime minister says he plans to discuss the territorial dispute with India over Kashmir when he meets his Indian counterpart during a visit to New Delhi next week. 
 Snowstorms and gales caused power outages throughout Bosnia, officials said Monday. 
 A plane heading to Turkey with more than 150 people aboard, mostly German tourists, made an emergency landing in this western Romanian city after a smoke alarm went off, authorities said Monday. 
 The interim Palestinian leader, Mahmoud Abbas, escaped unharmed after militants from his Fatah movement opened fire near him in a tent crowded with mourners for Yasser Arafat _ a warning that the period leading to the Jan. 9 election of an Arafat successor could be chaotic and violent. 
 Dissident politician Anwar Ibrahim paid a surprise visit Monday to Prime Minister Abdullah Ahmad Badawi _ his first public step to mend fences with the government that threw him out more than six years ago. 
 Zimbabwean police arrested three men wanted in connection with the slaying of two British men whose bodies were found earlier this month in a well, a police official said Monday. 
 EDITOR'S NOTE _ President Bush has outlined an ambitious agenda for his second term, from bringing stability to Iraq to simplifying the tax code at home. This is one of a series of stories examining the specifics of his proposals, domestic and foreign. 
 Ignoring global warming could render new parts of the Earth uninhabitable, warned climate experts at a meeting Monday on how to fight greenhouse emissions once Kyoto Protocal obligations expire in 2012. 
 British companies are losing out because other European Union countries are blocking access to lucrative public contracts, Treasury chief Gordon Brown said Monday. 
 Isolated showers will affect northern Algeria, Tunisia and coastal Libya on Tuesday while the rest of northern Africa will be sunny. 
 Beijing warned Hong Kong lawmakers on Monday against backing a legislative motion calling for a referendum on direct elections, denouncing it as a challenge to China's constitutional system. 
 Gold closed at US$438.85 an ounce on Monday in Hong Kong, up US$2.60 an ounce from Friday's close of US$436.25. 
 Former Czech President Vaclav Havel plans to begin a six-day visit to Taiwan this week, the government said Monday. 
 Grand champion Asashoryu quickly overpowered Kakizoe Monday to maintain his winning record on the second day of the Kyushu Grand Sumo Tournament. 
 A major Austrian narcotics ring dubbed the "Grandpa Gang" because of the advanced age of its members sold about euro5.2 million (US$6.6 million) worth of drugs in recent years, police said Monday. 
 A moderate Catholic politician who has been repeatedly threatened by Protestant extremists said he fired shots Monday at a gang outside his home. 
 Skipper Stephen Fleming, vice-captain Daniel Vettori and veteran batsman Nathan Astle are all likely to play the series-opening cricket test against Australia in a huge boost for New Zealand's chances. 
 Serbian President Boris Tadic on Monday met with Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov at the beginning of a three-day visit expected to focus on the uncertain future political status of Kosovo. 
 Clashes between gunmen and Iraqi security forces early Monday south of Baghdad killed seven Iraqi police and national guardsmen and injured five others, police said. 
 Halmstad striker Sharbel Touma has been called up for Sweden's friendly with Scotland this week, the Swedish Football Association said. 
 Nearly 40,000 of India's half million troops in Kashmir will be redeployed to boost peace talks with Pakistan, a news report said Monday, a year after the two rivals agreed to a truce and amid a decline in separatist violence. 
 Asian stock markets closed mostly higher Monday, with the key index rising sharply in Tokyo and hitting a record high in Australia. 
 Eurostar, the high-speed train service linking Britain to Europe, said Monday it will move all its London operations from Waterloo station when the new St. Pancras terminal in the north of the capital is ready in 2007. 
 Two Austrian tourists and a Croatian fisherman were missing at sea as gale-force winds swept through Croatia in one of the country's worst storms in 20 years, officials said Monday. 
 Austrian authorities said Monday they have arrested nine teenagers aged 14 to 17 in connection with more than 100 robberies and thefts allegedly carried out to get cash for video games and drugs. 
 A mortar attack in southern Baghdad Monday killed seven Iraqis and wounded seven others, including women and children, hospital officials and residents said. 
 Sri Lanka's revenue from garment and textile exports to the United States, its biggest customer, is expected to fall about 20 percent next year following the expiration of a preferential trade agreement, an industry official said Monday. 
 Formula One team Jaguar will race next season after being taken over by drinks company Red Bull on Monday. 
 A pro-independence Chechen Web site that was shut down by the Lithuanian government and then removed from a Finnish server because of a posting that claimed responsibility for the school massacre in southern Russia began operating on a Swedish-owned server. 
 The Copenhagen Stock Exchange said Monday it had signed a letter of intent with Nordic bourse operator OMX to merge its operations, bringing the concept of an integrated pan-Nordic and Baltic securities market a step closer to fruition. 
 Darren Lehmann gave evidence Monday at the committal hearing of a man charged over the death of former international cricketer David Hookes before flying to Brisbane to join the Australian squad preparing to play New Zealand. 
 Prime Minister Ayad Allawi's office confirmed Monday the release of two of his female relatives kidnapped last week. 
 Turkish Jews and Muslims cried in the rain and recited prayers of mourning Monday as they marked the first anniversary of suicide bombings that struck two Istanbul synagogues in attacks blamed on a local al-Qaida cell. 
 A temporary ban on plant and flower imports from Germany went into effect Monday after a pest was discovered in shipments of German flowers, the Agriculture Ministry said. 
 Israel and Italy are to invest 800 million shekels (euro140 million) in the development of a new electronic warfare system designed to disable enemy aircraft over a wide swath of air space, an Israeli defense official said Monday. 
 Salzburg and Innsbruck will make a formal pitch to host the 2014 Winter Olympics at a presentation in Vienna next month, officials said Monday. 
 Former chief U.N. weapons inspector Hans Blix said Monday that the United Nations' effectiveness is threatened by countries that ignore its recommendations, singling out the United States and Britain for their push to invade Iraq last year. 
 The British public is being asked whether television cameras should be allowed in court, the government said Monday. 
 Aker Kvaerner group on Monday reported a more than 30 percent decline in net profit for the third quarter because of increased taxes, but said orders were up, boding well for its earnings in the coming months. 
 The number of foreigners evacuated after a violent uprising in Ivory Coast has topped 5,000, the French military said Monday, while more than 10,000 African citizens without hope of flights out have fled into neighboring countries. 
 Joe Worsley has recovered from a leg injury and will return to the England back row to face Tri Nations champion South Africa on Saturday. The recall of the World Cup player is the only change to the side that outplayed Canada 70-0. 
 Heavy fighting erupted between militants and U.S. forces Monday in the eastern part of the insurgent-heavy city of Ramadi, residents said. 
 Beijing warned Hong Kong lawmakers Monday against backing a legislative motion calling for a referendum on direct elections, denouncing it as a challenge to China's constitutional system. 
 Bulgarian President Georgi Parvanov arrived in Greece Monday bound for the monastic community of Mount Athos, the first such trip since he became president two years ago, authorities said. 
 Kazakhstan's parliament on Monday approved the oil-rich Central Asian nation's 2005 budget, sending the draft to President Nursultan Nazarbayev for his signature. 
 The Icelandic banking group Islandsbanki on Monday made a bid for Norway's fourth-largest commercial bank, BNbank, as part of a drive to move into the Norwegian market. 
 Finance Minister George Alogoskoufis admitted Monday that Greece joined the euro after submitting inaccurate data, but EU officials said there was no danger of the nation being expelled from Europe's common currency. 
 A foreign submarine sneaked into Israeli waters last week, cruising the coastline near Lebanon before being detected and slipping away, Israeli authorities said Monday. 
 India discard Dinesh Mongia slammed an unbeaten century Monday as the Indian Board President's XI scored 320 for five on the second day of South Africa's three-day tour opener. 
 Arsenal star Robert Pires said Monday he is prepared to pay a fine for not wearing the official French team sponsor's kit in a television interview last month. 
 Two buses collided head-on in eastern Bangladesh Monday, killing at least 11 people as they headed to their homes to celebrate the Muslim holiday of Eid-al-Fitr, police said. 
 An American soldier died Monday as a result of an accident involving a U.S. military truck at 3:30 a.m. (0030 GMT) in Baghdad, the military said. 
 Pope John Paul II told Iraq's new ambassador to the Vatican on Monday that the elections planned for January must be "fair and transparent" if the country hopes to build an authentic democracy. 
 Striker Ebbe Sand, one of Schalke's most popular players, signed a one-year-contract extension and will stay with the Bundesliga club until 2006, club officials said Monday. 
 India discard Dinesh Mongia slammed an unbeaten century Monday as the Indian Board President's XI scored 320 for five on the second day of South Africa's three-day tour opener. 
 Israel on Monday offered its first indication that it was reassessing relations with the Palestinians after Yasser Arafat's death, suggesting it might coordinate a planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip if the Palestinian Authority cracks down on militant groups. 
 Bosnian Serb police on Monday arrested their first war crimes suspects since the war in Bosnia ended nine years ago, capturing eight men _ including two wanted for genocide. 
 Spain's justice minister rejected a new proposal on Monday from Basque militants for talks to end the region's long-running conflict, saying they must first explicitly renounce violence. 
 The Bank of France cut its 2004 economic growth forecast Monday, placing further pressure on the government's budget plans as high oil prices and a weak dollar weigh on France's outlook. 
 German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder will travel to China and Japan next month to take part in an economics symposium and meet with business and political leaders, his office said Monday. 
 Britain has pledged US$6.83 million (euro5.27 million) for a project to help Afghan farmers grow alternative crops in place of opium poppies, a U.N. agency said Monday. 
 The U.N. Security Council should impose sanctions on Sudanese officials and enforce an arms embargo on pro-government Arab militia behind ethnic cleansing in Sudan's Darfur region, where a 21-month conflict has left tens of thousands dead and driven 1.8 million people from their homes, a human rights group and aid agencies said Monday. 
 Farm trade negotiators kicked off a week of meetings Monday to thrash out agreements on technical issues relating to cutting tariffs and farm subsidies as they try to lay some groundwork toward reaching a binding accord on trade liberalization by the end of 2005. 
 Nineteen people, including many children, were injured after the bus taking them home to Belgium from a ski vacation in Austria tipped over on a highway in Bavaria, police said Monday. 
 Beavers found a bag of bills stolen from a casino, tore it open and wove the money into the sticks and brush of their dam on a creek near Baton Rouge. 
 Formula One team Jaguar will race next season after being taken over by drinks company Red Bull on Monday. 
 England's cricketers flew out for their no-win tour of Zimbabwe on Monday with captain Michael Vaughan saying they didn't condone President Robert Mugabe's crippling economic policies but hadn't been bullied into playing. 
 Goalkeeper Fabien Barthez will miss France's upcoming friendly with Poland because of a heavily bruised knee. 
 Claudio Reyna's comeback after injury effectively lasted just five minutes. 
 The opposition Civic Democratic Party called Monday for early parliamentary elections following its landslide victory in Senate elections held over the weekend. 
 Three alleged members of a radical Dutch Islamic group were arrested in June and deported to the Netherlands because police feared they were planning an attack on then-Prime Minister Jose Barroso, a former top Portuguese police official said in comments published Monday. 
 Saboteurs triggered an explosion Monday on an oil pipeline and set fire to a storage and pumping station in northern Iraq, offficials said. 
 London's financial district has become a "paradise for money launderers" because Britain's legal system allows people depositing money to hide their identities behind a trust system, the president of the Swiss Bankers' Association said Monday. 
 Lowe's Cos. Inc., which operates the United States' second biggest home improvement chain, said Monday its earnings rose 15.5 percent in third quarter on a 16.2 percent increase in sales. 
 Czech and Polish defense ministers said Monday that they would make participation in NATO missions a priority. 
 Candy and gum maker Wm. Wrigley Jr. Co. announced Monday it has agreed to buy a number of candy brands, including Life Savers and Altoids, from Kraft Foods for $1.48 billion (euro1.14 billion). 
 Finance Minister George Alogoskoufis admitted Monday that Greece joined the euro after submitting inaccurate data, but EU officials said there was no danger of the nation being expelled from Europe's common currency. 
 The International Olympic Committee said Monday it has received bids from London, Madrid, Moscow, New York and Paris to host the 2012 Summer Olympic Games. 
 Macedonian Prime Minister Hari Kostov resigned Monday over disagreements with an ethnic Albanian party in the governing coalition, triggering a government crisis in the Balkan state where ethnic tensions run high. 
 Drug and nutritional products maker Perrigo Co. is buying pharmaceutical company Agis Industries Ltd. for $818 million (euro631.4 million) as part of its effort to expand into the generic prescription drug market. 
 LONDON _ The race to host the 2012 Olympic Games entered its final stage Monday, with London, New York, Paris, Moscow and Madrid handing over their bid dossiers to the International Olympic Committee. 
 Gunmen attacked a Turkish truck in a northern Iraqi city Monday and set it ablaze, officials reported. The driver was reported missing and feared abducted. 
 Rebels accused Ivory Coast's government Monday of preparing a fresh offensive against them in the north of the country. 
 A panel of Milan judges has rejected a request from Mafia boss Salvatore "Toto" Riina, once the reputed head of the Sicilian mob, to have his imprisonment rules softened on account of his deteriorating health, judicial officials said Monday. 
 A suicide driver detonated his vehicle Monday near an American military convoy in the western edge of Mosul, injuring five U.S. soldiers, a military spokeswoman said. 
 Benfica duo Simao Sabrosa and Miguel Monteiro will miss Portugal's World Cup qualifier in Luxembourg on Wednesday through injuries. 
 U.S. troops and Iraqi forces fought insurgents in pitched battles Monday that left at least 20 enemy fighters dead in central Iraq. One Iraqi policeman and seven civilians were also killed. 
 A first-division soccer match was called off after a furious club official drove his car onto the pitch and tried to run over the referee when the opposing side was awarded a penalty, the Moldovan soccer federation said Monday. 
 CBS News has fired the producer responsible for breaking into "CSI: NY" last week for a special report on Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat's death, a CBS executive said Monday, speaking on condition of anonymity. 
 A radio station owner sent a tape to federal regulators admitting he bought the station with millions of dollars he had stolen from clients, then attempted suicide after sending the confession, officials said. 
 One passenger aboard an express bus to Oslo was more surprised than the rest by the driver's announcement over the loudspeaker. 
 Police and soldiers opened fire Monday on crowds of students protesting the killing of one of their colleagues by security forces in Congo's volatile east. Two demonstrators and one soldier were killed in the mayhem. 
 Former rugby union player Octavian Morariu was elected Monday to succeed influential businessman Ion Tiriac as the head of the Romanian Olympic Committee. 
 PortalPlayer Inc. is hoping it doesn't fall from Apple's tree. 
 Chinese President Hu Jintao visited Brazil's space technology center on Monday, where the satellites of a joint space research program are built. 
 Former world No.1 Yevgeny Kafelnikov says he's given up tennis to become a professional poker player. 
 The giant neon heart that shone over the Prague Castle for part of President Vaclav Havel's last term in office will be sent to Afghanistan, the heart's designer said Monday. 
 Dow Jones & Co., publisher of The Wall Street Journal, will buy MarketWatch Inc. for about $519 million (euro400 million) in a deal that would end a monthlong bidding contest for the online financial news and information provider. 
 Serena Williams pretended she couldn't remember playing Maria Sharapova in the Wimbledon final, amnesia being a convenient way of forgetting her one-sided loss. 
 Germany's economy will grow less than expected this year and will also slow next year due to high oil prices and the strong euro, the German employers' federation BDA said Monday. 
 Germany coach Juergen Klinsmann brought his feuding goalkeepers together and said Monday he had praised both of them for their restrained attitude. 
 Prime Minister Hari Kostov resigned Monday over disagreements with an ethnic Albanian party in the governing coalition, triggering a government crisis in the Balkan state where ethnic tensions run high. 
 Without a victory from its first three games, European champion Greece is embarrassingly next to last in its World Cup qualifying group. 
 A new immigration security program that requires visitors to be fingerprinted and photographed at some U.S. land border crossings began Monday. 
 President Bingu wa Mutharika pardoned 341 prisoners to celebrate the end of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan. 
 Formula One team Jaguar will race next season after being taken over by drinks company Red Bull on Monday. 
 The mayor of Bulgaria's capital on Monday warned that the country could suffer huge losses if cargo traffic stops traveling through it because protesters have blocked the road. 
 David Beckham expects to lead England against his Real Madrid clubmates at the Santiago Bernabeu Stadium on Wednesday, although he will not face two familiar faces on Spain's lineup. 
 Formula One team Jaguar will race next season after being taken over by drinks company Red Bull on Monday. 
 Tottenham sporting director Frank Arnesen says he didn't have a conflict with former coach Jacques Santini. 
 Tottenham defender Dean Richards has undergone tests to see if he has a brain tumor. 
 Oil refiner PKN Orlen SA posted better-than-expected third quarter net profits Monday of 837 million zlotys (US$254 million; euro196 million), a more than threefold jump over the same period the year before, that was boosted by high oil prices and lower operating costs. 
 Namibians slogged through the mud and huddled under umbrellas in long lines at polling stations Monday to choose a successor to the only leader they have ever known. 
 Hunting for terror chief Osama bin Laden is like "looking for a needle in a haystack" and, even if he is captured, his removal will have minimal impact on the war against terrorism, France's defense minister said Monday. 
 Switzerland's glaciers are melting faster than previously thought, losing almost a fifth of their total area between 1985 and 2000, experts at the University of Zurich said Monday. 
 Prime Minister Ayad Allawi said Monday a key militant group and its leadership have been arrested. 
 The U.S. dollar was mixed against other major currencies in European trading Monday. Gold was also mixed. 
 The U.S. Supreme Court refused Monday to reinstate a lawsuit that accuses two German companies of assisting in the massacre of thousands of people in Namibia a century ago. 
 From the moment it ended, the gunbattle that sent new PLO chief Mahmoud Abbas scrambling for cover was clouded in confusion. 
 A great white shark attacked and presumably killed an elderly woman as she swam Monday off a beach south of Cape Town, officials said. 
 Nazi Germany's destruction of Warsaw during World War II inflicted US$45.3 billion in material damage (euro34.92 billion) on the capital, according to a report released Monday. 
 A Bosnian Croat special forces soldier who spent nine year on the run wanted for war crimes, including murder and rape, postponed entering a plea Monday during his first appearance at the U.N. tribunal. 
 The Museum of Modern Art reopened its doors at its old midtown Manhattan location Monday, showing off a dramatic $425 million (euro328 million) renovation to reporters from all over the world. 
 MTV will launch a channel in sub-Saharan Africa in February, crossing the last major frontier to become a global presence, network officials announced Monday, 
 Secretary of State Colin Powell has been widely viewed as the moderate in an administration dominated by hawks. But like the soldier he was for more than 30 years, Powell always fell in line once President Bush made up his mind. 
 A lawmaker who is suing the Daily Telegraph for libel said Monday the newspaper's claim that he was financed by Saddam Hussein was "outrageous" and "incredibly damaging" to his reputation. 
 Opposition lawmakers and liberal activists took their fight to annul last year's parliamentary election to the Russian Supreme Court Monday, telling the court that the Kremlin-backed ruling party enjoyed an unfair advantage in media coverage and election authorities did nothing to stop it. 
 U.N. prosecutors promised witnesses would help prove war crimes charges against three former members of the Kosovo Liberation Army whose trial began Monday _ the first ethnic Albanians to face charges stemming from the Kosovo war at the Hague tribunal. 
 European stocks ended mostly lower Monday on profit-taking as traders noted that in wake of recent market gains momentum looks a little jaded. 
 Germany coach Juergen Klinsmann brought his feuding goalkeepers together and said Monday he had praised both of them for their restrained attitude. 
 Stocks were narrowly mixed Monday as investors collected profits, looking past lower oil prices and several mergers and acquisitions, including Wm. Wrigley Jr. Co.'s $1.5 billion (euro1.16 billion) bid for several candy brands from Kraft Foods Inc. 
 Share prices were higher on the London Stock Exchange Monday. 
 Goalkeeper Mickael Landreau is set to win his third cap for France when he replaces the injured Fabien Barthez in Wednesday's friendly against Poland. 
 Secretary of State Colin Powell and three other Cabinet members submitted their resignations on Monday, as the shake-up of President George W. Bush's second-term team escalated. "I believe that now that the election is over, the time has come for me to step down," Powell wrote. 
 Heavy explosions rocked Baghdad's Green Zone after nightfall Monday, triggering two huge plumes of smoke. 
 The presidents of Argentina and South Korea signed trade accords Monday aimed at bolstering commercial ties that included a Korean offer of US$30 million (euro23 million) in credit _ the first in foreign funds since Argentina's 2001 debt default. 
 The leader of Germany's conservative opposition stressed Tuesday that she's not a radical reformer who would seek to shake up Germany's welfare-state capitalism if her party achieves power. 
 Close to eight in 10 French citizens are in favor of the 2012 Olympics coming to Paris, a report said Monday. 
 A teachers' strike closed many schools across Italy on Monday, and tens of thousands of demonstrators marched through Rome in the rain amid fears that Premier Silvio Berlusconi's center-right government is quietly planning to cut education jobs. 
 Nigerian authorities burned hundreds of assault rifles Monday in the oil-rich Niger Delta, pushing disarmament in bloody militia violence that has threatened supplies from the world's No. 7 oil exporter. 
 Mexican cement company Cemex SA said Monday it has signed a letter of intent to sell two cement plants in the U.S. to Brazil's Grupo Votorantim for US$400 million (euro308 million.) 
 President Vladimir Putin said Monday that Russia is prepared to honor its commitments with Japan, but indicated that reaching an agreement on the disputed Kuril Islands was not likely in the near future, Russian news agencies reported. 
 Sen. Charles Schumer said Monday he has ruled out a run for New York governor in 2006 and instead will head the Democratic Party's effort to win seats in the Senate. 
 The makers of the impotency drug Viagra and the painkiller OxyContin said Monday they will add radio transmitters to bottles of their pills to fight counterfeiting. 
 Although pregnancy in developing countries is becoming safer for both mothers and babies, the international community still has to make a huge effort to meet the U.N.'s aim of massively reducing maternal deaths, the global body's health agency said Monday. 
 A strong earthquake struck western Colombia early Monday, injuring at least three people and destroying 18 homes, officials said. 
 Nwankwo Kanu's stunning miss in front of an open goal not only cost struggling West Bromwich Albion a valuable draw with Middlesbrough. 
 A dishwasher-sized spacecraft on Europe's first mission to the moon was set to enter lunar orbit, a key milestone in its 13-month trip into space, the European Space Agency said Monday. 
 A man accused of starving his four adopted sons was in a coma Monday after suffering a massive stroke, according to officials of his church. 
 The United States supports a strong dollar but believes international currency markets should be left to set its value, U.S. Treasury Secretary John Snow said Monday. 
 Nearly 4,000 Palestinians have been made homeless because of Israeli house demolitions in the West Bank and Gaza Strip during four years of conflict, a human rights group said in a report released Monday. 
 The United States on Monday proposed broad international measures to curb the slaughter of sharks in the Atlantic Ocean and encourage the study and preservation of threatened shark populations throughout the world. 
 With just six days before the final vote in Ukraine's tense and crucial presidential election, the two candidates who finished neck-and-neck in the first round of voting faced off in their first televised debate Monday, with millions of Ukrainians expected to tune in. 
 Harmony Gold Mining Co. Ltd. said Monday that Gold Fields Ltd. had attempted to hire one of its senior employees to leak information about Harmony's hostile takeover bid. 
 Foreign Minister Ben Bot said Monday the Dutch will stick to its withdrawal schedule from Iraq, despite an appeal by the United States to keep its troops there as long as needed. 
 Former West Bromwich Albion manager Gary Megson has applied for the job at neighbor Wolves even though he won't say whether he wants the position. 
 In a policy reversal, Israel said Monday it might coordinate next year's Gaza pullout with the Palestinian Authority if it cracks down on militants _ the first indication it is reassessing relations with the Palestinians after Yasser Arafat's death. 
 Street gangs torched cars and shot into the air Monday during the latest wave of sporadic violence gripping the Haitian capital. 
 Boeing Co., responding to what it sees as improving world economic conditions, will offer a cargo version of its long-range, twin-engine 777 airplane beginning in late 2008. 
 Chiron Corp. has asked British regulators to inspect its facility producing an experimental bird flu vaccine to make sure it doesn't run into the same contamination problems that forced the closing of another plant and a flu shot crisis in the United States, a top U.S. health official said Monday. 
 The government denied a news report Monday that said Britain's military chiefs have requested permission to withdraw an 850-strong British battalion that was moved to central Iraq to support U.S. forces in their attack on Fallujah. 
 Nigeria's main labor union on Monday indefinitely suspended a looming nationwide strike that had threatened to shut down the oil industry in the world's No. 7 exporter. 
 The U.S. government on Monday proposed broad international measures to curb the slaughter of sharks in the Atlantic Ocean and encourage the study and preservation of threatened shark populations throughout the world. 
 Secretary of State Colin Powell, widely viewed as the moderate in an administration dominated by hawks, announced Monday he will step down as chief U.S. diplomat once a successor is in place. 
 The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday overturned the death sentence of a convicted Texas killer because jurors in his trial did not consider his learning disability and other evidence. 
 American Express Co., the travel and financial services giant, filed a federal lawsuit Monday seeking damages from rivals Visa and MasterCard for allegedly blocking the sale of its credit cards through U.S. banks. 
 A new promise by Iran to halt enrichment of uranium and other suspect activities raised hopes Monday in the U.S. government that Iran may be prepared to halt development of nuclear weapons.r 
 Mexico's former ruling party was fighting its way back to the presidency Monday, overwhelmingly winning two gubernatorial races and holding razor-thin leads in two others. 
 Iraq's most feared terror leader warned insurgents in an audiotape found Monday on an Islamist Web site that the Americans will move on other guerrilla strongholds after Fallujah and urged rebels to strike first. 
 Not content with having a drug that might merely fight obesity and smoking, the company developing this eagerly anticipated pill will soon launch studies to see if it can treat and prevent clogged arteries and heart disease. 
 On his first visit to Colombia as the new commander of U.S. military operations in Latin America, Army Gen. Bantz Craddock on Monday said Colombia can count on further support from the United States as it fights Marxist rebels and drug traffickers. 
 2004 _ Barry Bonds, San Francisco 
 Aiming to heal political rifts, Italy's Foreign Minister Franco Frattini on Monday pledged to promote policies of tolerance and support the rights of gays and ethnic minorities as the European Union's next justice commissioner. 
 Iraq's deputy prime minister suggested that the country's elections, scheduled for January, could be delayed by insurgent violence, a newspaper reported Monday. 
 Four Central American presidents watched Monday as Guatemala and El Salvador formally eliminated their border immigration and customs controls, the first step toward a regionwide integration that has eluded the countries' leaders for decades. 
 British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw on Monday welcomed Iran's commitment to suspend its uranium enrichment activities, but stressed Tehran must give long-term guarantees that its nuclear program was peaceful. 
 Curt Lindstrom, the Swedish coach who helped Finland win gold at the 1995 ice hockey world championships, is returning to coach Ilves of Tampere in the Finnish League. 
 Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia on Monday asked France to release the medical records of Yasser Arafat, his office said. 
 Despite the reopening of Ivory Coast ports that ship 40 percent of the world's cocoa, unrest and fears of more violent upheaval are still threatening supplies from the world's top producer, traders said Monday. 
 A widely respected group of soldiers' mothers aims to meet with a Chechen rebel envoy to discuss how to end the conflict, a group leader told a Russian radio station Monday. 
 French Open champion Anastasia Myskina and U.S. Open winner Svetlana Kuznetsova will again head Russia's Fed Cup team for its semifinal against Austria this month. 
 The European Union said the way could be open Monday for Iran to start a "new chapter" in its relations with the 25-nation bloc after the Islamic Republic agreed to suspend uranium enrichment. 
 Deutsche Bank AG of Germany plans to sell its New York, Philadelphia, Cincinnati and Chicago offices of Scudder Private Investment Counsel to Legg Mason Inc. for $55 million (euro42.45 million), plus payments of up to $26 million (euro20 million), the company said Monday. 
 U.S. Marine engineers began assessing damage in Fallujah on Monday, driving through tableaux of devastation as huge explosions shook the city and the belching whir of a U.S. warplane's machine guns sounded overhead while troops fought with holdout insurgents. 
 The birth rate among American girls ages 10 to 14 has fallen to its lowest level since 1946, the government reported Monday. 
 A Grenadian man who was deported from Canada is hoping Canadian immigration authorities will grant him special permission to attend his wife's funeral, he said Monday. 
 Forty-three members of a Cuban dance troupe performing at a Las Vegas casino asked for asylum in the United States on Monday in the one of the biggest mass defections of entertainers from Cuba. 
 A man who admitted killing his pregnant wife and three children and leaving their bodies in a snowy forest two years ago was sentenced Monday to four consecutive life terms in prison. 
 Ukraine's two presidential candidates lashed out at each other using prison slang, economic statistics and personal attacks in their first and only televised debate Monday, a much-anticipated meeting six days ahead of voting. 
 U.S. troops who battled their way into Fallujah described on Monday how they came under massive fire from masked Islamic insurgents "ready to fight to the death" in house-to-house combat. 
 Venezuela expects trade with Colombia to reach US$2.5 billion (euro1.93 billion) this year, a 73 percent increase over 2003, Venezuela's ambassador to Colombia said Monday. 
 The United Nations Mission to Guatemala received Guatemala's highest honor Monday as it closed its doors 10 years after helping to negotiate and then monitor compliance with peace accords that ended a 36-year civil war. 
 A man set himself afire Monday just outside a White House gate and repeatedly yelled "Allah Allah" as a Secret Service officer held him facedown on the sidewalk. 
 The first public trial of Shining Path rebel leader Abimael Guzman fell apart on Monday as the second of the three judges presiding over the case stepped down citing a conflict of interest. 
 Crude oil futures prices fell below $47 a barrel Monday as fears of a winter supply crunch continued to ease and Nigeria's main labor union called off a strike that had threatened to disrupt exports. 
 A fight breaks out, and even though people at the far side of the crowd can't see what's going on, they are immediately on edge. 
 Barry Bonds won his record seventh NL MVP on Monday, capping a season of suspicion and success to become the oldest player to win the award. 
 David Beckham ruled out early retirement on Monday and said he turned down a "good part" in a Hollywood movie. 
 David Beckham ruled out early retirement on Monday and said he turned down a "good part" in a Hollywood movie. 
 Only a tiny percentage of the more than 1,000 insurgents detained by U.S. forces in the Iraqi city of Fallujah over the past week are foreigners, a Marine officer said Monday. 
 The stock market closed. 
 President Jacques Chirac will visit Libya next week, his office said in a statement Monday, making him the latest European leader to visit a country that had long been viewed as a rogue state. 
 Putnam Investments said Monday it will cut about 100 jobs, an announcement that came a week after parent company Marsh & McLennan Cos. Inc. said it would lay off 3,000 workers across all its units. 
 Gold for current delivery closed at $437.00 per troy ounce Monday on the New York Mercantile Exchange, down from $437.90 late Friday. 
 South Africa will play in the 2005 CONCACAF Gold Cup, the North and Central American and Caribbean championship, the region's governing body said Monday. 
 U.S. Roman Catholic bishops chose a new president Monday who has released the names of priests accused of molesting children and reached out to victims but who also plans to seek bankruptcy protection for his diocese because of abuse claims. 
 The top U.N. adviser on preventing genocide warned Monday that hate messages in Ivory Coast were whipping up xenophobic fervor and said if the practice continues, he would recommend U.N. peacekeepers intervene. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair, seeking to repair strained ties between the United States and Europe, on Monday urged Washington to reach out to its allies and not depend on military force alone in the global fight against terrorism. 
 Mideast officials on Monday described U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell, who announced his resignation earlier in the day, as "fair," "dignified" and a "voice of moderation" in an administration that has had a heavy hand in the region. 
 A woman pleaded guilty Monday to her role in the nation's deadliest human smuggling case _ the deaths of 19 Latin American illegal immigrants crammed into a sweltering trailer. 
 Gunmen held up a shuttle bus full of French and Belgian tourists in Guatemala, robbing the passengers of their money and belongings, police said Monday. 
 As aid organizations scrambled Monday to get relief to people who have fled fighting in Fallujah, concern spread about the civilians they are sure are still trapped inside the embattled Iraqi city. 
 Illegal lottery ticket sales are costing the U.S. Virgin Islands about $100 million annually, officials said Monday. 
 Two Katyusha rockets were fired toward Israel from southern Lebanon Monday, causing no casualties or damage, Lebanese security officials said. 
 NASCAR chairman Brian France will keep the new points system in place for next year, satisfied that the closest championship race in history is proof that the 10-race playoff structure works better than expected. 
 A jury in a special inquest ruled Monday that a Royal Air Force mechanic was killed in 1953 by the poison sarin as part of secret military tests into chemical warfare. 
 Stocks were mixed in quiet trading Monday, with blue chip and tech shares rising only modestly despite lower oil prices and several mergers and acquisitions, including Wm. Wrigley Jr. Co.'s $1.5 billion bid for several candy brands from Kraft Foods Inc. 
 South African President Thabo Mbeki expressed optimism Monday that his efforts to stem the upsurge of violence in Ivory Coast will bear fruit even as rebels claimed that the government was preparing a new offensive. 
 Colin Powell's successor as U.S. secretary of state will be greeted by a tall stack of foreign policy problems, with Iraq looming largest among them. 
 The dollar firmed modestly Monday against its European counterparts, helped by plunging oil prices and some verbal support from officials at a two-day meeting of European finance ministers. 
 Air Canada executives said Monday that international routes are doing better than expected and the airline is looking for used jets to add to its fleet. 
 Israel's foreign minister pledged Monday all possible help for the Palestinians in holding elections in January but said the 200,000 Arabs who live in East Jerusalem would not be permitted to vote there. 
 Vandals dumped chemicals, damaged computers and freed research animals at the University of Iowa, officials said. 
 An alleged courier for Afghanistan's ousted Taliban regime appeared before a U.S. military review tribunal Monday at Guantanamo Bay. 
 Police shot and killed a man who lunged at them with a knife following a violent rampage that killed a teenager and injured five others, authorities said Monday. 
 The former FBI agent who established the child protection office created by U.S. Roman Catholic bishops said Monday she will step down in February after more than two years on the job. 
 Portions of the trial that saw many leaders of Argentina's military dictatorship convicted of human rights abuses will be shown for the first time on television, a government official announced Monday. 
 A proposal to sell off Mexico's two main airlines as a single entity has drawn criticism from those worried that the country could get a poor price if it sells now _ or create a monopolistic monster. 
 Lawyers for nine insurance companies urged a jury Monday to conclude that the 2001 destruction of the World Trade Center was a single event for insurance purposes even though two hijacked planes struck the towers. 
 The U.S. government ordered Pfizer Inc. to yank cheeky television ads that promised better sex for men taking Viagra because they failed to disclose known risks associated with the drug, according to a letter released on Monday. 
 Applied Micro Circuits plans to cut 150 of its around 750 jobs, the chip maker said Monday. 
 Gold futures fell from a 16-year high Monday due to the stronger tone to the U.S. dollar and the decline in oil prices. 
 The ex-wife of a Marine was sentenced Monday to nearly 11 years in prison for a bungled plot with her lover to kill him to collect life insurance money. 
 FC Barcelona striker Henrik Larsson won his second Golden Ball award as Sweden's Player of the Year on Monday. 
 U.S. Roman Catholic bishops chose a new president Monday who has released the names of priests accused of molesting children and reached out to victims but who also plans to seek bankruptcy protection for his diocese because of abuse claims. 
 The U.N. Security Council voted unanimously Monday to impose an immediate arms embargo against Ivory Coast, and gave the country's warring sides one month to revive a shattered peace process or face more sanctions. 
 A landlord went on trial Monday over accusations he demanded sex once a week from a woman who wanted to rent a house from him. 
 The Bush administration said Monday it will begin free trade negotiations with the United Arab Emirates and Oman as part of President George W. Bush's effort to promote economic growth in the Middle East. 
 An international development agency said Tuesday it would use the United Nations' Year of Microcredit to work with banks to deliver financial services to the world's poorest people. 
 Bank of Mexico Governor Guillermo Ortiz said Monday that the central bank has been moving toward using a benchmark interest rate in monetary policy, but that the current tool of restricting liquidity has been successful in pushing up market rates. 
 Aiming to heal political rifts, Italy's Foreign Minister Franco Frattini pledged to promote policies of tolerance and support the rights of gays and ethnic minorities as the European Union's next justice commissioner. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair, seeking to repair strained ties between the United States and Europe, urged Washington to reach out to its allies and not depend on military force alone in the global fight against terrorism. 
 The U.N. nuclear watchdog agency said it was ready to monitor a deal negotiated by European nations for Iran to suspend all uranium enrichment within a week. 
 World leaders saluted Colin Powell following the announcement of his departure, with some regretting the loss of a figure who had sought international consensus through his multilateralist views and all hoping for constructive ties with his successor. 
 European Union officials urged the United States to curb its deficits to help bolster the sagging dollar amid fears a strengthening euro would stifle Europe's fledgling economic recovery. 
 Vietnamese President Tran Duc Luong paid a surprise visit to Fidel Castro on Monday on his way to a meeting of Pacific Rim leaders in South America. 
 Not yet in uniform, Grant Hill rolled up the sleeve of his dress shirt to reveal a scar running from the back of his left elbow to the top of his triceps. 
 The sweat-stained felt hats worn by Australian cowboys, as much a part of the Outback as kangaroos and sun-baked soil, may be heading for the history books. They fail modern industrial safety standards. 
 Judy Corman, the wife of best-selling author Avery Corman and the head publicist for Scholastic, Inc., which releases the Harry Potter novels in the United States, has died of cancer. She was 65. 
 Two fiery speeches delivered to Sikh groups in the early 1980s show Ajaib Singh Bagri had a motive to plant bombs on Air India jets killing 331 people, a prosecutor said in closing arguments Monday. 
 The U.S. dollar was trading at 105.44 yen on the Tokyo foreign exchange market at 9 a.m. (0000 GMT) Tuesday, up 0.12 yen from late Monday. 
 No matter how independent, fashionable or popular she may be, Japan's unwed woman has long been the eternal loser _ lonesome during the holidays, dreaming of the child she never had, dreading the inevitable question at family gatherings: "Aren't you married yet?" 
 As one of the world's most prolific spammers, Jeremy Jaynes pumped out at least 10 million e-mails a day with the help of 16 high-speed lines, the kind of Internet capacity a 1,000-employee company would need. 
 A man who pleaded guilty to a federal charge of failing to register as an agent for North Korea was sentenced Monday to two years in prison. 
 Some of the prominent Cuban defections to the United States 
 Slain anti-immigration politician Pim Fortuyn was named in a poll as the "greatest" person in Dutch history, beating out teenage diarist Anne Frank and painters Rembrandt van Rijn and Vincent van Gogh. 
 Two men charged with killing a gay photographer drove from the suburbs to a city park with a trunk full of baseball bats to beat up "peeping toms," the prosecutor said Monday. 
 A man set himself afire just outside a White House gate and repeatedly yelled "Allah Allah" after Secret Service officers put out the flames and one held him facedown on the sidewalk. 
 An abortion pill implicated in the death of an 18-year-old California woman last fall will add new warnings linking RU-486 to the risk of serious bacterial infection. 
 Gov. James E. McGreevey spent his final day in office out of the public eye, clearing out his belongings from the governor's mansion and tending to some lingering transition issues three months after his shocking resignation announcement. 
 France has completed the evacuation of some 5,000 westerners and others from violence-torn Ivory Coast as Africans _ with no hope of such rescue _ have fled into neighboring countries. 
 Top-ranked Roger Federer of Switzerland returned to action after missing three weeks with a torn thigh muscle and defeated Gaston Gaudio of Argentina 6-1, 7-6 (4) in the first round of the ATP Masters Cup championships Monday. 
 The Securities and Exchange Commission filed a lawsuit accusing the newspaper tycoon Conrad Black and his former top deputy of defrauding shareholders of Hollinger International Inc., a publishing company Black used to run. 
 For many Americans, Secretary of State Colin Powell eased their doubts and legitimized the decision to wage war with Iraq. But the old soldier with a sterling reputation wound up embarrassed _ and wrong about the facts _ when the case he presented to the United Nations and to the world collapsed. 
 Kerry Packer's media and gambling empire will invest US$163 million (euro126 million) for a 28 percent stake in a luxury hotel and casino in Macau, Packer's company said Tuesday. 
 The top U.N. envoy in the Middle East said Monday there is a new opportunity for peace, citing recent statements from U.S. President George W. Bush, the new Palestinian leadership and the prime ministers of Israel and Britain. 
 Over more than a decade, Saddam Hussein's government raised more than $21.3 billion (euro16.44 billion) in illegal revenue by subverting U.N. sanctions against Iraq including the humanitarian oil-for-food program, congressional investigators estimated. 
 Gold opened at US$436.35 an ounce on Tuesday in Hong Kong, down US$2.50 an ounce from Monday's close of US$438.85. 
 Prime Minister John Howard returned to Parliament on Tuesday for the first time since an electoral victory that boosted his mandate for tough labor reforms but commits him to billions of dollars worth of campaign promises. 
 President George W. Bush has a nickname for Condoleezza Rice, his choice as the next secretary of state: "The unsticker." 
 A high-speed train derailed in eastern Australia early Tuesday, injuring more than 120 passengers as carriages slammed into trees and plowed through nearby fields. Medical staff said it was a miracle nobody was killed. 
 Prospective jurors in the murder trial of actor Robert Blake were asked if they could endure the public scrutiny that surrounded the O.J. Simpson and Scott Peterson cases. 
 President George W. Bush has selected Condoleezza Rice, his national security adviser and trusted confidant, to replace Colin Powell as secretary of state, officials said, in a major shakeup of the president's national security team. Three other Cabinet secretaries also resigned. 
 A bus plunged off a cliff in southern China, killing 11 people and injuring seven others, the government said. 
 Scientists produced the first simulated earthquakes designed to test how well common building materials and critical infrastructure such as power lines can withstand a quake's destructive forces. 
 A conservative radio show host who was taken off the air for using an ethnic slur resumed his show, but vowed that he will not change the tone of his program. 
 A federal judge has dismissed a lawsuit that accused the Walt Disney Co. of stealing the idea for the World Showcase section of its Epcot theme park. 
 These eager beavers had a whole new slant on money laundering. 
 An attorney representing three British soldiers and a Kuwaiti injured in an accident in Iraq has brought a $2.3 million (euro1.78 million) claim that he says is the first filed against the U.S. military by coalition soldiers in the war. 
 Three women sat just feet away from a confessed serial killer and described how they were slashed, stabbed and strangled in attacks more than two decades ago. Two of the survivors said the assailant appeared to enjoy the violence. 
 Forty-three members of a Cuban dance troupe performing at a Las Vegas casino asked for asylum in the United States in the one of the biggest mass defections of entertainers from the communist country. 
 Millions of Mexicans living abroad saw their chances of voting in Mexican elections dwindle Monday, when Congress approved just a fraction of the budget experts say is needed to conduct mass absentee balloting. 
 The Pentagon has agreed to warn military bases worldwide not to directly sponsor Boy Scout troops, partially resolving claims that the government has engaged in religious discrimination by supporting a group that requires members to believe in God. 
 The United States and 21 other countries have agreed to adopt a tougher standard for vehicle door latches, a first step toward what American officials hope will be global auto safety standards. 
 In the middle of a major shakeup of President George W. Bush's Cabinet, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said he has not yet discussed his future with the president. 
 Mafia don John Gotti's older brother ordered a hit on Salvatore "Sammy the Bull" Gravano as payback for testifying against the late mob boss, a prosecutor told a jury. 
 Crude oil futures prices fell sharply Tuesday on growing expectations that a winter supply crisis will be averted and as union leaders canceled a strike in major exporter Nigeria. 
 Federal regulators said they will issue a final rule within three months on standards it will require to give shippers access to a proposed Alaska natural gas pipeline. 
 Both sides in an employment discrimination suit against Abercrombie & Fitch Co. reported agreeing to a multimillion dollar deal that would settle accusations the clothing retailer promoted whites at the expense of minorities. 
 The daughter of a CIA pilot killed by the Cuban government during the 1961 Bay of Pigs invasion testified she held President Fidel Castro personally responsible for his execution and for displaying his frozen body in a glass case. 
 Prosecutors and defense lawyers agree John Hinckley Jr.'s mental health has improved but they differed on whether he's well enough to safely take longer, unsupervised trips away from the psychiatric hospital he's called home since shooting President Reagan in 1981. 
 Business software maker Oracle Corp. attacked the credibility and motives of PeopleSoft Inc.'s board of directors, hoping to rally investor support as the 17-month takeover battle between the bitter business software rivals nears a climactic showdown. 
 Malaysia's last bachelor crown prince married a Thai science graduate in a traditional Muslim ceremony witnessed by royal dignitaries from both countries and dubbed a fairytale wedding by the local media. 
 Charlie Sifford waved his crystal trophy before the crowd gathered in front of the World Golf Hall of Fame, unable to contain his smile. 
 The Bush administration said Monday it will begin free trade negotiations with the United Arab Emirates and Oman as part of President George W. Bush's effort to promote economic growth in the Middle East. 
 Model train maker Lionel LLC filed for bankruptcy protection on Monday, citing a jury's ruling that it must pay a rival for misappropriating designs. 
 Where other students might pose for their senior yearbook photo with a tennis racket or favorite car, Blake Douglass wants to be seen with his shotgun. 
 Microsoft chief Steve Ballmer brought his campaign to retain his company's dominance in the Indian software market to the country's leadership Tuesday. 
 Will Tom Hanks crack "The Da Vinci Code"? 
 Japan on Tuesday warned it would consider withholding food aid for North Korea and other sanctions after accusing the communist country of failing to properly investigate the fates of Japanese citizens it kidnapped years ago. 
 The top administrator in this suburban New York county has backed off from his demand to preview a Palestinian show that includes a reference to the creation of Israel as a "catastrophe," saying the move would have amounted to censorship. 
 Foreigners entering the United States in three cities were fingerprinted, photographed and subjected to background checks in a test of a program that will eventually be extended to every land border crossing nationwide. 
 World leaders lavished praise on Colin Powell as he stepped down as U.S. secretary of state, hailing his efforts to build international consensus and pledging to work closely with his replacement. 
 The top two officials in the CIA's clandestine service have resigned after confrontations with the agency's new leadership in an unusually public shake-up at the nation's spy service. 
 U.S. soldiers battled insurgents in the Sunni Muslim strongholds around Baghdad and in the north of Iraq in clashes that killed more than 50 people. Some guerrillas were said to be "fighting to the death" inside Fallujah, where American forces struggled to clear pockets of resistance. 
 A 17-year-old who survived in her car for eight days after it crashed down a ravine has returned home following a complex operation. Her doctors say she should make a full recovery within months. 
 Foreign Minister Alexander Downer on Tuesday praised his outgoing U.S. counterpart Colin Powell, calling him "an exceptionally good secretary of state." 
 A fire was discovered aboard a British Airways flight shortly after it landed at Logan International Airport, and five firefighters were injured battling the blaze, officials said. 
 A school watchman held three 6-year-old children hostage in his guard shack and sliced off one boy's finger during a seven-hour standoff with police in northern Vietnam, police said Tuesday. 
 A man who set himself afire Monday just outside the White House reportedly worked for the FBI as an informant and was distraught over his inability to return to Yemen to visit his critically ill wife. 
 Two senior Vietnamese executives from a state-owned fuel company have been arrested in a corruption scandal allegedly involving illegal gasoline imports, a state-controlled newspaper reported Tuesday. 
 Australia staked its claim Tuesday to its vast undersea continental shelf, asking the United Nations to grant it rights to minerals and other resources under a tract equivalent to almost half the country's land mass. 
 A week after union members rejected an almost identical deal, the largest union group at Walt Disney World will vote this week on a contract proposal for the fourth time since negotiations began in May. 
 The purported leader of Taliban-linked militants holding three U.N. hostages in Afghanistan said his group is split over whether to "get rid" of the captives, and planned a meeting Tuesday to decide their fate. 
 Tamil Tiger rebel leaders and their supporters in parliament met Tuesday to discuss efforts to revive peace talks with the Sri Lankan government, a rebel spokesman said. 
 Secretary-General Kofi Annan, under fire in Washington over the U.N. role in Iraq, said the United States and the United Nations have the greatest impact on global issues when they work together. 
 Maria Sharapova overcame an early third-set mental lapse against an injured Serena Williams to win the WTA Championships 4-6, 6-2, 6-4 Monday night in a rematch of their Wimbledon final. 
 Donovan McNabb spun away from one would-be tackler and sprinted to his right, only to find another defender waiting. So he went back to his left, chased by two more players, and finally heaved the ball, letting loose a 60-yard pass that looked more like a punt. 
 Frustrated by nearly two years of intransigence, the U.N. Security Council slapped an arms embargo on Ivory Coast and warned of more punitive sanctions unless the government revives peace efforts with rebels. 
 A U.S. Marine shot and killed a wounded and apparently unarmed Iraqi prisoner in a mosque in the former insurgent stronghold of Fallujah, according to dramatic pool television pictures broadcast Monday. A Marine spokesman in Washington said the shooting was under investigation. 
 Donovan McNabb spun away from one would-be tackler and sprinted to his right, only to find another defender waiting. So he went back to his left, chased by two more players, and finally heaved the ball, letting loose a 60-yard pass that looked more like a punt. 
 The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues closed at 11,161.75 points on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Tuesday, down 65.82 points, or 0.59 percent, from Monday. 
 China says its oil imports will jump by nearly 10 percent this year to 100 million metric tons (700 million barrels), making up 40 percent of its consumption. 
 One of Asia's new megastars, Zhang Ziyi, is paying homage to one of her big sisters in the Chinese-language film industry, saying that she has long idolized Gong Li. 
 Intelligence agents raided a home in eastern Pakistan and arrested five men on suspicion they were supplying weapons to militant groups, officials said Tuesday. 
 North Korea threatened Tuesday to strengthen its "nuclear deterrent" to counter what it calls a U.S. plot to launch a nuclear war against the isolated communist state. 
 Serena Williams' injury-induced weakened serves drove Maria Sharapova to distraction. Two games from ending the season in defeat, the Russian teenager focused on holding her own serve. 
 U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan urged the Bosnian Serb government to make good on its recent promise to bring war crimes suspects to justice, his spokesman said. 
 The U.S. military said Tuesday an investigation is underway into allegations that a Marine shot a wounded and apparently unarmed Iraqi prisoner in a mosque in the former insurgent stronghold of Fallujah. 
 Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia has formally requested that France publish the medical records of Yasser Arafat following his death last week, Qureia said Tuesday. 
 Japan on Tuesday warned it would consider withholding food aid for North Korea and other sanctions after accusing the communist country of failing to properly investigate the fates of Japanese citizens it kidnapped years ago. 
 Hundreds of police officers were deployed in Indian-controlled Kashmir on Tuesday, tightening security ahead of a visit by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to the Himalayan region. 
 A U.S. surveillance plane making a flight near Russia's Black Sea coast turned back after Russia sent a fighter jet to investigate, an Air Force spokesman said Tuesday. 
 Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra said Tuesday foreign Islamic extremists were helping separatists launch attacks in Thailand's Muslim-dominated south, but denied international terrorist organizations were sponsoring the conflict. 
 Japan said Tuesday it hopes to soon discuss with Russia a long-running territorial dispute over a group of islands that has prevented the two neighbors from formally declaring an end to World War II hostilities. 
 Saboteurs on Tuesday triggered an explosion on a gas pipeline in northern Iraq, setting off a fire which was still burning hours later, oil officials said 
 Crude oil futures prices fell sharply Tuesday on growing expectations that a winter supply crisis will be averted and as union leaders canceled a strike in major exporter Nigeria. 
 Gold bullion opened Tuesday at a bid price of US$436.30 a troy ounce, up from US$436.20 late Monday. 
 When he finally leaves Pakistan after two decades, refugee Rahman Gul says he will do one last thing for his dead brother _ take his remains home for reburial in Afghanistan. 
 On the eve of a key World Cup soccer qualifier between China and Hong Kong, mainland fans have a request for patriotic Hong Kong players: give up. 
 Hungary may send military instructors to Iraq as part of a NATO program to train Iraqi security forces, Prime Minister Ferenc Gyurcsany said Tuesday. 
 A paint container exploded in the camp of South Korean troops based in northern Iraq on Tuesday, killing a civilian worker, officials said. 
 World leaders lavished praise on Colin Powell as he stepped down as U.S. secretary of state, hailing his efforts to build international consensus and pledging to work closely with his replacement. 
 Latvia's outgoing European Union commissioner, Sandra Kalniete, has agreed to serve as the country's ambassador to Belgium, an official in her Brussels office said Tuesday. 
 U.S. Treasury Secretary John Snow praised his Cabinet colleague Colin Powell in an interview broadcast Tuesday, a day after Powell's resignation as Secretary of State was announced. 
 Vanuatu's prime minister said his decision to establish diplomatic ties with Taiwan will provide essential aid that had been promised but failed to materialize from elsewhere _ a snub apparently directed at China. 
 A European media watchdog condemned the indictment of a Hungarian journalist Tuesday, contending the reporter was prosecuted under outdated secrecy laws in a case it said undermines press freedoms in Hungary. 
 Gold closed at US$437.65 an ounce on Tuesday in Hong Kong, down US$1.20 an ounce from Monday's close of US$438.85. 
 Grand champion Asashoryu hoisted Iwakiyama out on Tuesday to stay undefeated and atop the standings at the Kyushu Grand Sumo Tournament. 
 China is developing the means to electronically blockade rival Taiwan with attacks to the island's vital utilities, the Internet and other communications networks, a high-ranking U.S. defense official has said. 
 European Union regulators on Tuesday approved a joint venture between Finnish food retailer Kesko Oy and ICA AB, a leading retailer in Sweden and Norway, to combine their operations in the Baltic states. 
 France has asked the United States for access to the freed Syrian driver of two French reporters held hostage in Iraq _ and is "waiting impatiently," the foreign minister said Tuesday. 
 Prime Minister John Howard embarked on a fourth term Tuesday pledging to step up the fight against terror at home and overseas, strengthen links with Asia and continue reforming the country's booming economy. 
 Japan downgraded its economic assessment for the first time in more than a year on Tuesday, noting slower export growth and curbed production, but said the recovery is continuing. 
 Police retrieved the bodies of four forest workers Tuesday from the icy waters of a river in southwestern Bulgaria two days after their truck had disappeared in the severe storm. 
 Germany plans to invest euro20 million (US$26 million) to upgrade electricity production and distribution facilities in southern Albania, the country's state-owned electric company said Tuesday. 
 Isolated showers will affect coastal areas from Tunisia to Egypt on Wednesday. 
 England's David Beckham and Michael Owen could be forgiven for feeling a little confused when they line up against Spain at the Santiago Bernabeu Stadium in Wednesday's friendly. 
 A ferry carrying 283 passengers and 49 crew members caught fire off China's eastern coast Tuesday, and all were rescued, a maritime official said. 
 Consumer prices in Britain rose 1.2 percent in October compared to a year ago, the government said Tuesday. 
 Hungary's candidate to sit on the European Union's executive office denied allegations Tuesday he was involved in Communist militias or the regime that ruled Hungary for over 40 years until 1989. 
 The U.N. Security Council imposed an immediate arms embargo on Ivory Coast's hard-line government after its unprecedented, violent confrontation with France, drawing bitter accusations here Tuesday that the world was siding with Ivory Coast's former colonial ruler. 
 Russia's Constitutional Court on Tuesday rejected a suit by the republic of Tatarstan seeking to use the Latin alphabet for the Tatar language, news agencies reported. 
 Spanish folk singer Joan Manuel Serrat has undergone surgery for bladder cancer, doctors said Tuesday. 
 Australia will be at full strength for the first time in months, while New Zealand should have captain Stephen Fleming, Nathan Astle and Daniel Vettori back and could be reinforced by Craig McMillan for the first cricket test at the Gabba. 
 Asian stock markets closed mostly lower Tuesday, with prices falling both in Tokyo and Hong Kong on profit-taking. 
 Pakistani selectors on Tuesday excluded veteran wicketkeepers Rashid Latif and Moin Khan from the list of 25 probables for next month's cricket tour of Australia. 
 An international consortium will decide this month whether construction of a nuclear power plant for North Korea, suspended in the dispute over the North's atomic program, will be postponed yet again, an official said Tuesday. 
 Gaza strongman Mohammed Dahlan, once seen as a possible successor to Yasser Arafat, said Tuesday he will not run in Jan. 9 elections and instead endorsed the interim Palestinian leader, Mahmoud Abbas. 
 Iraqis living abroad will be able to cast their ballots in 14 different countries at electoral centers to be set up outside Iraqi embassies to avoid the appearance of government influence in the process, an election commission official said Tuesday. 
 A Canadian acrobatic pilot was killed on Monday when his glider plane crashed during an air show in a southern Jordanian desert, a Jordanian aviation official said Tuesday. 
 Czech President Vaclav Klaus said Tuesday that Czechs may not understand what's at stake in a possible referendum on the European Union constitution, making the exercise meaningless. 
 A mother under police investigation for the deaths of three of her children in as many years told an Australian news network Tuesday that the tragedies could be blamed on fate. 
 Western European car sales fell by 3.5 percent on the year in October despite a small increase in Germany, according to data released Tuesday by the Association of European Auto Manufacturers. 
 U.S. forces arrested a senior member of an influential Sunni political party Tuesday after a pre-dawn raid on his Baghdad home, party officials said. 
 Weapons, ammunition, aircraft and vehicles sold to the Sudanese government have been used to commit suspected crimes against humanity in the country's Darfur region and a U.N. arms embargo is needed to stop the violence, an Amnesty International report said Tuesday. 
 Fallingwater it was not: From its wind-stripped shingles to an embarrassing overgrowth of weeds and bramble, the erstwhile beach house on Lake Michigan's shore did little to declare itself a creation of the architectural luminary Frank Lloyd Wright. 
 The International Energy Agency on Tuesday urged major Asian economies to work together to develop oil and natural gas fields in Siberia, and said it was willing to act as a go-between. 
 The people of Belfast are about to get all of their mountains back. 
 Protection of wounded combatants is a basic rule in the universally accepted treaty on warfare applying to the U.S. investigation of the videotaped fatal shooting of a wounded and apparently unarmed Iraqi prisoner, U.N. officials said Tuesday. 
 Zimbabwean opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai said Tuesday that the accusations he plotted to assassinate authoritarian President Robert Mugabe are nothing more than "pure political persecution." 
 Civil servants embarked Tuesday on a three-day strike, demanding months of unpaid back pay from the central African nation's chronically cash-strapped government. 
 A U.S. Supreme Court ruling left Louisiana and New Mexico as the only states where cockfighting is legal, and advocates of the blood sport are bracing for further legal attacks from animal rights activists. 
 Cape Town city leaders are considering putting police for the first time on Robben Island where former President Nelson Mandela and other political prisoners were jailed, a city councilor said Tuesday. 
 Amelie Mauresmo pulled out of France's Fed Cup team Tuesday, saying she needs time off to better prepare for next year's Grand Slam quest. 
 The televised debate between Ukraine's presidential candidates, the country's first in a decade, attracted wide attention but viewers said Tuesday the 100-minute showdown didn't change their opinions ahead of this weekend's crucial runoff vote. 
 German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder warned Tuesday that naggingly high oil prices and the surging strength of the euro could hurt the strength of the largely export-based German economic recovery. 
 Oliver Stone may be the biggest draw, but it's the young unknowns of cinema on whom the spotlight will shine during the Stockholm International Film Festival when it celebrates its 15th anniversary this week. 
 A bus plunged off a cliff in southern China, killing 13 people and injuring five others, the government said. 
 The company handling baggage for 11 airlines at Heathrow airport shut down Tuesday, putting some 750 ground staff out of work. 
 A former government minister arrested on charges of embezzling 11 million Malawi kwacha (US$101,000; euro78,000) was released on bail Tuesday. 
 England midfielder Steven Gerrard could be back in Liverpool's lineup against Middlesbrough on Saturday after being sidelined for two months with a broken bone in his foot. 
 Two more top officials are leaving the CIA, signaling internal instability at the spy agency as CIA Director Porter Goss gets settled in. 
 Health activists on Tuesday demanded more money for the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria ahead of the group's board meeting where U.S. representatives are expected to push for a suspension of new projects. 
 Around 100 workers from Brazilian multinational Embraco blocked a railway line in northern Italy on Tuesday to protest the company's plans to relocate a plant to eastern Europe. 
 China acknowledged Tuesday for the first time that one of its submarines had accidentally crossed into Japanese waters last week and expressed regret over the incursion, Japan's foreign minister said. 
 Ethiopian runner Haile Gebrselassie will race in Kenya later this month, just over two months after undergoing an operation on his left Achilles tendon. 
 Foreign ministers from at least a dozen African nations gathered in Tanzania on Tuesday ahead of a summit aimed at bringing lasting peace to a region of central Africa where millions have been killed in the past decade in wars, rebellions and a genocide, officials said. 
 A radio commentator has died from wounds in an attack by an unknown gunman, becoming the second Philippine journalist slain in a week, police said Tuesday. 
 Bolton striker El-Hadji Diouf is under police investigation for spitting at a child fan. 
 At least seven people died Tuesday, including a former rebel, in two separate attacks by suspected Islamic militants in the Indian-controlled part of Kashmir, police said. 
 Japan on Tuesday warned it would consider withholding food aid for North Korea and other sanctions after accusing the communist country of failing to properly investigate the fates of Japanese citizens it kidnapped years ago. 
 The government fired a Spanish police chief Tuesday for taking nearly a month to send a cassette tape with potential evidence about the Madrid railway bombings to the judge probing the attack. 
 Fans of League One Wrexham fear that last week's FA Cup victory over Hayes could prove to be the last game in its 132-year history. 
 Portraits of North Korean leader Kim Jong Il are being removed from buildings in the country, the ITAR-Tass news agency reported Tuesday, citing an unidentified diplomat. 
 Danish police are investigating whether a radical Islamic group in Denmark broke the law by passing out leaflets urging Muslims to travel to Iraq to join the insurgency against coalition soldiers there. 
 A jailed human rights activist is on a hunger strike to press for the release of 13 people who were arrested last month during demonstrations in his support, his wife said Tuesday. 
 NATO welcomed this week's arrest of eight locally indicted war crimes suspects but expects the Serbs to go after those sought by the U.N. war crimes tribunal, a NATO official said Tuesday. 
 Rescue teams Tuesday were searching for four men missing -and feared dead - after a cargo ship unloading ethanol exploded at a port in Brazil's southern state of Parana. 
 Trying to retain Microsoft's dominance in the Indian software market amid increasing competition, company CEO Steve Ballmer brought his campaign Tuesday to the country's leadership. 
 As a child, Hrant Dink dreamed of becoming a detective, a hope that was shattered by Turkey's unwritten rule that Jews and Christians may not join the police, the Foreign Ministry or become officers in the military. 
 Juergen Klinsmann has gone a long way in revamping Germany's stodgy image during his three months as coach. His latest move is to change the team's color to red in a symbol of its new, aggressive approach. 
 A conservative legal group is threatening to sue the U.S. government over its plans to protect four dozen endangered species ranging from Peninsular bighorn sheep to the tiny robust spineflower. 
 A 61-year-old German engineer has been arrested in Switzerland on an international warrant on suspicion that he helped Libya's past efforts to build a nuclear bomb, federal prosecutors said Tuesday. 
 France coach Bernard Laporte said Tuesday he will keep the same team which beat Australia when his players face Argentina this weekend. 
 The timber industry group that sued to have the threatened species status of the northern spotted owl reviewed does not expect the bird to be dropped from federal protection, but hopes new information will allow more logging in national forests. 
 Taking a page from the book of peace activists, Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra has called on his countrymen to use the Japanese art of origami, or paper-folding, to ease conflict in Thailand's turbulent south. 
 Denmark coach Morton Olsen can't understand why Thomas Helveg, one of Europe's most experienced defenders, can't get a start for Norwich, the last place team in the Premier League which is yet to win a game. 
 A government institute published Tuesday some of the files maintained by the country's former secret police, an official said. 
 The Home Depot Inc., the largest U.S. home improvement store chain, reported a nearly 15 percent jump in third-quarter earnings on strong sales, particularly at stores open at least a year. 
 Denmark coach Morten Olsen can't understand why Thomas Helveg, one of Europe's most experienced defenders, can't get a start for Norwich, the last place team in the Premier League which is yet to win a game. 
 German international midfielder Fabian Ernst is leaving Werder Bremen at the end of the season, becoming the third major player to abandon the team that won the Bundesliga championship and the German Cup last season. 
 Singapore and Sri Lanka concluded an "open skies" agreement Tuesday allowing airlines to increase flights between the two nations. 
 South Africa salvaged a draw in its tour opener against the Indian Board President's XI despite an embarrassing batting collapse Tuesday that highlighted its potential flaws against spin bowling. 
 Police began taking up positions around the Athens on Tuesday, a day before the anniversary of a 1973 student revolt and annual protest march to the U.S. embassy which in the past has been marred by violence. 
 A Bangladeshi karate team has disappeared after arriving in eastern Ukraine for an international championship, an official said Tuesday. 
 A man accused of supporting the Sept. 11 attacks on the United States was close friends with lead hijacker Mohamed Atta and once said something big was being planned and that "the Jews will burn," a witness testified Tuesday. 
 Chiefs of staff from the 26 NATO allies met with their Russian counterpart Tuesday at the start of two days of talks which are also scheduled to include military chiefs from Israel and some Arab nations for the first time. 
 France has no intention of making Yasser Arafat's medical records public and will leave the decision about what to do with them up to his family, the foreign minister said Tuesday. 
 A land mine exploded under a pickup truck carrying policemen in southern Afghanistan on Tuesday, killing four and injuring six of them, an official said. 
 Indian captain Sourav Ganguly's appeal against a two-match ban will be heard by a New Zealand lawyer within seven days, the International Cricket Council said Tuesday. 
 The European Union's top audit watchdog refused for the 10th year running to give its blessing to the head office's annual budget Tuesday, increasing the pressure for more accounting reforms. 
 The televised debate between Ukraine's presidential candidates, the country's first in a decade, attracted wide attention but viewers said Tuesday the 100-minute showdown didn't change their opinions ahead of this weekend's crucial runoff vote. 
 The U.S.-led coalition force in Iraq is failing to protect its ancient treasures from looters or destruction, depriving the country of potential tourist attractions that could be a lucrative future source of revenue for reconstruction, the United Nations tourism chief said Tuesday. 
 After his team's victory over Tri Nations champion South Africa, Ireland coach Eddie O'Sullivan has rested several of his front line players for Saturday's game against the United States at Lansdowne Road. 
 Frederic Franklin, a ballet dancer still on the stage at age 90, said Tuesday it was the "most wonderful day of my life" as he received an honor from Queen Elizabeth II. 
 Six people drowned Tuesday in a dam in northwestern Pakistan after their small, overcrowded boat capsized, a rescue worker said. 
 Britain unveiled Tuesday the judges who will lead three probes into some of Northern Ireland's most bitterly disputed killings. 
 A former Kosovo guerrilla commander accused of wartime atrocities told the U.N war crimes tribunal Tuesday he had no regrets about his role in defending ethnic Albanians against Serb forces. 
 Portraits of North Korean leader Kim Jong Il are being removed from buildings in his country, the ITAR-Tass news agency cited an unidentified diplomat as saying, but a North Korean diplomat in Moscow denied the report Tuesday. 
 Sweden has evacuated its embassy in the Ivory Coast and sent an airplane to aid other foreign citizens still trying to flee violence in the African country, the Foreign Ministry said Tuesday. 
 European Union countries proposed a bill Tuesday banning pushy sellers from using shady marketing tricks and pressuring customers into buying goods and services. 
 About 75 Russian children traumatized by the Beslan school massacre are expected to vacation in Norway after the Nordic country reached out to its giant neighbor to offer help. 
 Japanese troops practiced shooting small arms on a desert range Tuesday in preparation for entering Iraq on a humanitarian mission being undertaken despite strong opposition at home. 
 Danish Queen Margrethe was feted by schoolchildren waving flags and a ceremonial guard of Japanese troops Tuesday during the formal opening of an eight-day official visit to Japan. 
 The Dutch secret service is too underfunded to meet the new demands of fighting Islamic terrorism and perform its other duties, said a report by a special commission released Tuesday. 
 World sport's highest court has set new dates for hearings on the doping cases of American sprinters Tim Montgomery and Chryste Gaines. 
 An American man shot an injured police officer in the head at close range after ignoring his pleas for mercy, a lawyer told a court on Tuesday. 
 European Union finance ministers sought to massage their battered budget rules Tuesday, sticking to the spending limits but pressing for "more flexible" enforcement. 
 Motorola Inc. announced the U.S. release Tuesday of its Razr V3, the ultra-thin mobile phone that it has promoted heavily as the star of its portfolio of 20 new handsets. 
 Police are investigating five Czechs suspected of child trafficking, a spokeswoman said Tuesday. 
 In the wake of a massive fire that left one person dead and destroyed 150 homes, the government said Tuesday it would spend 30 million kroner (euro4 million, US$5.2 million) to improve the safety of stored fireworks ahead of end-of-the-year celebrations when sales are strongest. 
 Negotiations over three kidnapped U.N. workers in Afghanistan have hit a snag over ransom demands, officials said Tuesday, as Taliban-linked militants said they were debating whether to "get rid" of the hostages. 
 Suspended former Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu is training with Romania's national team in Armenia ahead of a World Cup qualifier, media reported Tuesday. 
 The U.S. military is investigating the videotaped fatal shooting of a wounded and apparently unarmed Iraqi prisoner by a U.S. Marine in a mosque in Fallujah, a Marine spokesman said. 
 In Europe, it's hard for some to think of Condoleezza Rice without recalling the low points in trans-Atlantic relations that grew out of the war in Iraq. 
 U.S. allies and critics expressed hope Tuesday that Condoleeza Rice, as Washington's new face to the world, may find solutions to festering problems in the Middle East. But some worried U.S foreign policy would harden. 
 Staples Inc., the largest U.S. office products retailer, on Tuesday reported a 26 percent increase in its third-quarter profit, narrowly beating Wall Street's forecast. 
 Protection of wounded combatants once they are out of action is a basic rule in the universally accepted treaty on warfare, but issues of self-defense could also apply in the fatal shooting of a wounded and apparently unarmed Iraqi in Fallujah, international legal experts said Tuesday. 
 Burberry Group PLC, known for its trademark check pattern on coats, scarves, handbags and more, posted a 25 percent increase in first-half net profit on Tuesday, helped by strong sales and licensing revenue. 
 Dutch leaders quarreled Tuesday about invoking a rarely used law banning blasphemy in response to a wave of ethnic tension and violence after a filmmaker who criticized Islamic practices was murdered, allegedly by a Muslim radical. 
 Information technology researcher Gartner Inc. said Tuesday India's computer market grew 35 percent during the July-September quarter compared with the same period a year ago. 
 An environmental group will release a new list of endangered species this week at the largest-ever nature conservation meeting in Asia, organizers said Tuesday. 
 Hungary's candidate to sit on the European Union's executive office denied allegations Tuesday he was involved in communist militias or the regime that ruled Hungary for over 40 years until 1989. 
 The conflict in Ivory Coast, strife in Sudan and a multimillion dollar funding shortfall are endangering efforts to wipe out polio by the end of 2005, the United Nations health agency said Tuesday. 
 Juergen Klinsmann has gone a long way in revamping Germany's stodgy image during his three months as coach. His latest move is to change the team's color to red in a symbol of its new, aggressive approach. 
 The United States will "greatly increase" border security assistance to Tajikistan, after Russia began withdrawing troops from the former Soviet republic's porous demarcation with Afghanistan, a senior U.S. diplomat said Tuesday. 
 Prime Minister Goeran Persson said Tuesday he expects increased economic trade between Sweden and Bulgaria, adding that Sweden will support and assist Bulgaria's final negotiations for entry into the European Union. 
 The Crown Prince and Crown Princess of Norway will pay an official visit to Thailand on Nov. 23-26, the Thai foreign ministry announced Tuesday. 
 The government will compensate Czechs imprisoned for political reasons under the country's former communist regime, an official said Tuesday. 
 The U.S. military said Tuesday American and Iraqi troops have started operations to secure parts of northern Mosul from insurgents, as a mortar attack in the heart of the city left three dead and 25 others wounded. 
 The Albanian parliament decided Tuesday to hold a debate next week on allegations by a lawmaker that Prime Minister Fatos Nano was involved in arms trafficking to Kosovo. 
 Former prime minister, Costas Simitis, on Tuesday sharply rejected charges that Greece joined the euro after submitting false data to the European Union. 
 German drugmaker Schering AG said Tuesday it plans to cut 1,250 jobs globally by the end of 2005 as part of a plan to increase efficiency. 
 Scrumhalf Piru Weepu and center Casey Laulala will debut for the All Blacks against Wales on Saturday as New Zealand coach Graham Henry makes nine changes to the team that outplayed Italy 59-10 in Rome. 
 The father of a teen who died after taking an abortion pill says new safety warnings added by the U.S. government aren't enough to protect women. Because a third death now has been linked to RU-486, the Food and Drug Administration should bar sales of the abortion pill, said the grieving father. 
 Rocker David Lee Roth, the former Van Halen frontman, is taking up a new trade. 
 Shares of Fannie Mae fell sharply in trading Tuesday as the mortgage giant's outside auditor KPMG refused to sign off on its third-quarter earnings report, causing the the company to miss a regulatory deadline for filing it. 
 Slobodan Milosevic is in a jail cell at the U.N. war crimes tribunal in the Netherlands, but his political allies are back in power in many Serbian towns and consolidating key positions in the army and police. 
 Former Czech President Vaclav Havel was to travel this week to Asia to visit Taiwan, Thailand and Indonesia, his aide said Tuesday. 
 The last thing Raymond Domenech needed was another player criticizing him before an international match _ especially one he needs to win handsomely to boost fragile morale. 
 Sen. Harry Reid of Nevada won election as Senate Democratic leader on Tuesday, taking over a party with fewer seats than at any time since the Great Depression more than 70 years ago. 
 The former chairman of bankrupt food company Cirio will be questioned by prosecutors investigating the collapse of dairy giant Parmalat SpA, news reports said Tuesday. 
 Russia's foreign minister and other officials lashed out Tuesday at a group of Russian soldiers' mothers who plan to meet with a Chechen rebel envoy in Brussels next week, accusing it of encouraging terrorism. 
 The European Court of Human Rights on Tuesday threw out complaints by a group of Iraqi women who claimed Turkish troops had killed their husbands or sons during a 1995 military incursion against Kurdish militants in northern Iraq. 
 The U.S. military is investigating the videotaped fatal shooting of a wounded "enemy combatant" by a U.S. Marine in a mosque in Fallujah, a Marine spokesman said Tuesday. 
 Former Olympic long jump champion Ivan Pedroso anticipates a long career ahead of him, and that he will continue his quest for a fifth world championship next year in Finland. 
 Smoking will be banned in most public places in England, including restaurants and any pub or bar that serves food, the government announced Tuesday. 
 The second day of voting in Namibia's presidential and parliamentary elections saw the flow of voters slow to a trickle Tuesday. 
 A top opposition leader in this former Soviet republic on Tuesday accused the country's communist authorities of abusing power, saying some of his aides were arrested on corruption charges he claimed were trumped up. 
 Albanian Prime Minister Fatos Nano left the country Tuesday to visit Germany where he will meet with Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder. 
 The European Union's head office said Tuesday it wants to offer Japan a larger role in operating a planned multinational nuclear-fusion reactor in an effort to end the dispute over the planned facility's location. 
 1. Lindsay Davenport, United States, 4,760 points. 
 Cingular, the US-based corporation that acquired AT&T Wireless last month, announced Tuesday it would expand operations into eight Caribbean islands next year. 
 Embattled Russian oil giant OAO Yukos has paid down just under a quarter of its total US$18.4 billion (euro14.2 billion) back tax bill for the 2000-2002 period, company managers said Tuesday. 
 A court sentenced Congolese pop star Papa Wemba on Tuesday to 30 months in prison, most of it suspended, for his involvement with an illegal immigration network. 
 An explosion and fire at a private home used to make fireworks killed three children and their parents Tuesday in eastern Pakistan, police said. 
 Still recovering from a chest infection, Monaco's 81-year-old ruler Prince Rainier III said Tuesday he must skip national day ceremonies this week on advice from his doctors. 
 Media group Emap PLC posted a 9 percent fall in half yearly net profit Tuesday, largely due to strong competition in the TV listings magazine market in France and the negative impact of currency translation. 
 Departing European Union External Relations Commissioner Chris Patten said Tuesday that China must make "concrete steps" to improve its human rights record before the 25-nation bloc could lift its 15-year old arms embargo against Beijing. 
 The U.S. dollar fell against other major currencies in European trading Tuesday. Gold prices were mostly higher. 
 The European Court of Human Rights on Tuesday upheld a complaint from a Turkish woman who said she had faced discrimination in Turkey through laws that obliged her to adopt her husband's surname. 
 Coast guard officers detained 62 illegal immigrants on an eastern Aegean Sea island Tuesday after the boat that was ferrying them from Turkey was disabled in a storm, the Merchant Marine Ministry said. 
 An appellate court on Tuesday upheld a lower court's ruling that a disputed sum of about euro250 million (US$324 million) traced to the former East German communist regime belongs to the Berlin government. 
 For those who envision the ancient world of sculpture as a monotonous palette of muted grays, the Vatican Museums are offering an eye-opening exhibit on how the ancients viewed their art _ in dazzling and rich shades of greens, ochres and blues. 
 The latest round of the global legal battle between Czech brewery Budejovicky Budvar and U.S. beer giant Anheuser-Busch Ltd. remained unresolved Tuesday after the European Union's high court passed the trademark case back to judges in Finland. 
 European Union officials kept up pressure Tuesday on the United States to curb its deficits to help bolster the sagging dollar amid fears a strengthening euro would stifle Europe's fledgling economic recovery. 
 Thailand's Queen Sirikit urged a peaceful end Tuesday to the bloodshed in the Muslim-dominated southern provinces. 
 Spain coach Luis Aragones angrily defended himself against allegations of racism Tuesday, a day before his team hosts England at the Santiago Bernabeu Stadium in a friendly. 
 British distance runner Paula Radcliffe will aim for the 10,000 meters title at next year's World Athletics Championships rather than the marathon. 
 Colombia, Peru, and Uruguay seek to capitalize on home games on Wednesday to keep pace in a tight South American World Cup qualifying race. 
 A bomb scare in a downtown subway station briefly stopped service during morning rush hour Tuesday just as foreign ministers started arriving for the annual Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit. 
 Cingular, the US-based corporation that acquired AT&T Wireless last month, announced Tuesday it would expand operations into eight Caribbean islands next year. 
 Share prices fell Tuesday on the London Stock Exchange. 
 The Latvian government on Tuesday rejected the citizenship application by one of the leading campaigners against a divisive school language law who was tipped as a likely candidate for Riga mayor. 
 A rocket hit a busy commercial district of northern Kirkuk Tuesday, killing one person and wounding three others, an official said 
 Switzerland's struggling national airline swung to a profit for the third quarter but pledged Tuesday to keep cutting costs as it felt the bite of high oil prices and competition from low-cost carriers in Europe. 
 England's David Beckham and Michael Owen could be forgiven for feeling a little confused when they line up against Spain at the Santiago Bernabeu Stadium in Wednesday's friendly. 
 The U.N. Security Council voted unanimously Tuesday to extend the U.N. mission in East Timor for a final six months, and expressed concern at the country's failure to punish those responsible for 1999 violence that killed 1,500 people. 
 Russian lawmakers on Tuesday assailed the U.S. electoral system as archaic and undemocratic, in an apparent attempt to tweak the United States for criticizing growing authoritarian trends in the Kremlin's domestic policy. 
 Prime Minister Hari Kostov's resignation has fueled a political crisis in Macedonia, where ethnic tensions already are running high, an opposition leader said Tuesday. 
 Wrexham, Wales' oldest soccer club, is taking steps to go into financial administration and incur an automatic 10-point penalty rather than go under altogether. 
 The first trial stemming from the Madrid railway bombing ended after just 25 minutes Tuesday as a Spanish teenager pleaded guilty to charges he helped transport dynamite used in the terror attack. 
 The families of three Chilean diplomats slain by a young Costa Rican guard are seeking $4.5 million (euro3.5 million) in compensation from the government, officials confirmed Tuesday. 
 Five prominent civic groups on Tuesday called on the European Union's enlargement commissioner to clarify recent statements that Romania is set to wrap up accession talks days ahead of closely contested elections. 
 Embattled Russian oil giant OAO Yukos has paid down just under a quarter of its total US$18.4 billion (euro14.2 billion) back tax bill for 2000-2002, managers said Tuesday, but added that the government has stonewalled the company's proposals about how it might repay the rest. 
 European stocks pulled back from multi-month peaks Tuesday with auto stocks going into reverse after a bearish industry survey pointed to lower car sales. 
 Luxembourg's foreign minister said Tuesday that his country was determined to help advance peace and security for the people in the troubled Balkans, as his country prepares to take over the European Union's presidency next year. 
 A huge jump in wholesale prices pushed stocks lower Tuesday as investors worried that the recent spate of high oil prices was finally catching up to the overall economy. The news overshadowed earnings reports from retail giants Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and Home Depot Inc. 
 Maria Sharapova won the last six games to overcome an injured Serena Williams 4-6, 6-2, 6-4 for the WTA Championships title on Monday night in a rematch of their Wimbledon final. 
 Vince Carter has to listen to his favorite tunes on his own time. 
 The Paris Club of creditor nations said Tuesday that it would cancel most of the debt it is owed by Madagascar, citing the island nation's commitment to economic and structural reforms. 
 The leatherclad salesman hawking foreign cars at an outdoor market in the Ukrainian capital bragged that the cheapest car they had was a fully outfitted Toyota Camry. Price: euro37,000 ($48,000). 
 Defense Minister Sergei Ivanov said Tuesday that Moscow could sell arms to Iraq, which bought billions of dollars of Soviet weapons under Saddam Hussein. 
 Deutsche Bank on Wednesday denied reports that it had started negotiations with American businessman Malcolm Glazer in his bid to launch a takeover of Manchester United. 
 Former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic questioned his first witness at the U.N. war crimes tribunal Tuesday, after winning a battle for the right to lead his own defense. 
 A judge on Tuesday charged a jailed Moroccan terror suspect with being a leading member of Islamist groups in three countries, including one suspected of killing Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh. 
 Customs police at Milan's Malpensa airport said they detained 19 people Tuesday in the latest probe of an alleged thievery ring at the airport. 
 Central Africa's top producers of diamonds _ and one neighbor accused of smuggling them _ signed a pact Tuesday pledging crackdowns on the cross-border black-market diamond trade. 
 The U.S. military said Tuesday it is investigating the videotaped fatal shooting of a wounded man by a U.S. Marine in a mosque in Fallujah. Iraqis condemned the act as "cowardice" and "something forbidden in Islam." 
 In Europe, it's hard for some to think of Condoleezza Rice without recalling the low points in trans-Atlantic relations that grew out of the war in Iraq. 
 The defense minister of Poland, which commands an international force in Iraq, said Tuesday that the withdrawal of 300 Hungarian soldiers would be a "serious problem" to the 6,000-strong security contingent. 
 Sri Lanka's president told the Tamil Tiger rebels Tuesday to "stop making excuses" and return to the table for peace talks. 
 Former Costa Rican President Jose Maria Figueres sent a letter to lawmakers promising to return home to explain a payment he received from a French business, the congressional press office confirmed Monday. 
 The Italian foreign affairs ministry said Tuesday in a statement it would send a police team to help search for one of its nationals kidnapped in Venezuela. 
 A government panel decided Tuesday to allow four former officials to share classified information when they appear before the U.N. war crimes court. 
 The family of Margaret Hassan, a 59-year-old aid worker abducted in Iraq last month, said Tuesday they believed she was dead. 
 U.S. Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday that Latin American countries must work together to counter drug trafficking and international terrorism. 
 The Irish Republican Army has agreed to allow Catholic and Protestant church officials to witness the outlawed group's next act of disarmament, officials in the British and Irish governments indicated Tuesday. 
 The United Nations' top human rights official expressed deep concern Tuesday over the lack of independent access to civilians trapped in Fallujah during the U.S.-led assault on the Iraqi city. 
 No merger proposal has been submitted to the boards of French defense company Thales SA and European aerospace consortium EADS despite reports that the French government is interested in a linkup, German Economics Minister Wolfgang Clement said Tuesday. 
 Germany hopes to maintain the close relationship it has enjoyed with U.S. National Security Adviser Condeleezza Rice if her appointment as secretary of state in President George W. Bush's second term is confirmed, Foreign Minister Joschka Fischer said Tuesday during a visit to Guatemala. 
 Secretary of State Colin Powell, facing his last weeks on the job, will travel to Israel and the West Bank to try to accelerate prospects for peacemaking, the State Department announced Tuesday. 
 Two male inmates died during a prison riot in Eastern Venezuela, an official said Tuesday. 
 Israelis denied security clearances for employment can now ask for an explanation, a parliamentary subcommittee ruled Tuesday, but sidestepped the explosive issue of torture of prisoners during interrogation. 
 Murmuring "God is great," two dozen Iraqi men collected corpses Tuesday in a U.S. Marine-directed effort to rid Fallujah of festering bodies in keeping with Muslim burial principles. 
 The Irish Republican Army has agreed to allow two Catholic and Protestant church officials to witness the outlawed group's next act of disarmament and describe it afterward, officials in the British and Irish governments indicated Tuesday. 
 President George W. Bush promoted his most trusted foreign policy adviser to Secretary of State on Tuesday, tapping Condoleezza Rice to replace warrior-turned-diplomat Colin Powell as part of a sweeping second-term Cabinet overhaul. 
 2004 _ Vladimir Guerrero, Anaheim 
 British Prime Minister Tony Blair expressed sympathy Tuesday to the family of kidnapped aid worker Margaret Hassan and abhorrence at her apparent execution by her captors. 
 Martin M. Kaplan, a pioneering health researcher and former secretary-general of the Nobel Peace Prize-winning Pugwash conferences on disarmament, has died, family members said Tuesday. He was 89. 
 A top U.S. State Department official on Tuesday discussed with Nicaraguan lawmakers attempts to remove President Enrique Bolanos from office and recent electoral gains by the country's leftist party. 
 Hillary Rodham Clinton vs. Colin Powell in 2006? 
 A power struggle is brewing in the ruling Fatah party ahead of a Jan. 9 election to replace Yasser Arafat as president of the Palestinian Authority, and the rift might benefit an independent billionaire who is considering entering the race, and indirectly, help Islamic movements. 
 The world's developing countries this year will turn in the strongest economic growth in three decades and should continue to enjoy solid growth rates in 2005 and and 2006, the World Bank predicted Tuesday. 
 Weight-loss experts have a novel prescription for people who want to shed pounds: Get some sleep. 
 Britain's Prince Edward begins a three-day visit to the Cayman Islands on Tuesday to tour communities devastated by Hurricane Ivan more than two months ago, officials said. 
 The United Nations' cultural agency on Tuesday awarded Taslimi Nasrin, a Bangladeshi writer who has received death threats from some extremist Islamic groups, its tolerance and nonviolence prize. 
 One U.S. soldier was killed and another wounded when a roadside bomb exploded near their convoy Tuesday near a town in central Iraq, the military said. 
 Touting tofu chowder and vegetarian sushi as alternatives, animal-rights activists have launched a novel campaign arguing that fish _ contrary to stereotype _ are intelligent, sensitive animals no more deserving of being eaten than a pet dog or cat. 
 The last thing France coach Raymond Domenech needed was another player criticizing him before an international match _ especially when he needs to win to boost fragile morale. 
 Rescue workers Tuesday recovered the body of a crew member missing from a cargo ship that exploded and broke in half while unloading methanol at a port in southern Brazil. Three other sailors were missing and feared dead. 
 Wholesale costs _ catapulted by more expensive energy and food _ soared last month by the largest amount in more than 14 years. 
 Amelie Mauresmo pulled out of France's Fed Cup team on Tuesday, saying she needs time off to better prepare for next year's Grand Slam quest. 
 Equatorial Guinea's prime witness repudiated his testimony in an alleged coup plot that stretched from Africa to Europe, saying Tuesday that interrogators forced him to make a fabricated confession under threat of immediate death. 
 A man sentenced to life in prison for a fatal shooting at age 13 asked the state's high court for a new trial Tuesday, saying he was too young to be found competent for trial. 
 The Western Hemisphere's second-largest oil refinery plans to close part of its plant early next year for cleaning and maintenance, officials said Tuesday. 
 Look out kids. SpongeBob SquarePants, Barney and Clifford the Big Red Dog are joining forces to rerecord the disco tune "We Are Family" to promote diversity and tolerance in classrooms. 
 Manchester City expects Claudio Reyna to be out of action for up to two more months after a recurrence of his thigh injury and has sent the American midfielder to Germany to see an expert on such problems. 
 France retained the same side which beat Australia 27-14 last weekend to play Argentina in a rugby union test in Marseille on Saturday. 
 President George W. Bush talked on the phone Tuesday with leaders in Sudan, pushing for progress in peace talks to find an end to a 21-year civil war in southern Sudan. 
 Heir to the throne Prince Charles accused educators on Tuesday of taking the joy out of learning and trying to turn students into "robots." 
 The Colombian government will allow hundreds of families left homeless after a strong earthquake to move temporarily into houses and country estates seized from drug traffickers, officials said Tuesday. 
 Town officials have restored a woman's business license weeks after accusing her of trying to sell a sex toy _ a vibrating yellow-ducky sponge _ at a flea market. 
 Venezuela's biggest oil refinery caught fire, slightly injuring two workers and a firefighter before the blaze was brought under control, Venezuela's state oil company said Tuesday. 
 Authorities detained two actors and their television crew at a mosque in northern Greece Tuesday after hundreds of Muslim villagers accused the actors of insulting their religion. 
 Walt Disney Co. Chief Executive Michael Eisner testified Tuesday that it first became clear in early 1996 that former Disney President Michael Ovitz was having difficulty fitting in with the entertainment giant's somewhat frugal culture. 
 A Ukranian immigrant pleaded guilty Tuesday to helping her husband escape murder charges in the death of his mistress by fleeing to Europe, where he later hanged himself in jail. 
 A mine explosion blew a three-meter hole in an oil pipeline in northern Sudan but officials said Tuesday that the line would soon resume pumping. 
 Worried about an Italy with lots of old people and relatively few young ones to eventually care for them, lawmakers are considering tax breaks or bonuses for families who have more children or care for grandparents. 
 Germany wants to strengthen relations with Guatemala that have been on ice for three decades since guerrillas killed a former German ambassador, Foreign Minister Joschka Fischer said Tuesday during a one-day visit. 
 Crude oil futures fell Tuesday after moving above $47 a barrel in intraday trading. 
 Nina Kraft of Germany was disqualified as winner of the 2004 Ironman Triathlon World Championship because of doping, giving Natascha Badmann of Switzerland her fifth title. 
 The treason trial of a television talk show host began Tuesday with a judge overruling a prosecution attempt to delay the opening on a technicality. 
 Gold for current delivery closed at $440.20 per troy ounce Tuesday on the New York Mercantile Exchange, up from $437.00 late Monday. 
 Bakers of mince pies, Christmas puddings and other traditional British treats were warned Tuesday they may have to face a lard-free Christmas this year. 
 The stock market closed. 
 Colombia's troubled flagship airline Avianca has received final approval for its restructuring proposal from a U.S. bankruptcy court, paving the way for control of the carrier to be transferred to Brazil's Grupo Synergy, the companies said Tuesday. 
 Suspected militants were shooting at Saudi security forces who had surrounded them in a home in northwestern Saudi Arabia late Tuesday, an Interior Ministry spokesman said. 
 As polling stations across Namibia closed on the final day of voting Tuesday in the presidential and parliamentary elections, officials hailed the vote as a success for the country's young democracy. 
 Vladimir Guerrero of the Anaheim Angels won the American League MVP award on Tuesday, just the fifth time a player switched leagues and earned the honor in his first season with his new team. 
 The United States and the European Union are working on measures aimed at strengthening the security of cargo containers moving through seaports so they can't be used to smuggle terrorists or weapons. 
 A huge jump in wholesale prices sent stocks falling Tuesday as investors worried that rising oil prices were starting to take a toll on the overall economy. Mediocre earnings reports from retailers, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc., also pressured the market. 
 French President Jacques Chirac hailed outgoing U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell as a man who was "very respectful of others and a man of vision," a presidential spokesman said Tuesday. 
 A third major debt ratings agency has stripped Merck & Co. of its top credit grade, lowering the drug maker's classification by three notches amid concerns stemming from its recall of the arthritis drug Vioxx. 
 General Motors Corp. will close a Baltimore assembly plant next year that employs about 1,100 people and makes two van models that are being discontinued, a spokesman for the world's biggest automaker said Tuesday. 
 Prime Minister John Howard embarked on a fourth term Tuesday pledging to step up the fight against terror at home and overseas, strengthen links with Asia and continue reforming the country's booming economy. 
 When Rob Smitty returned home after donating a kidney to a stranger, he talked about hoping "my children can be proud and look up and say, `My dad did this.'" 
 The people at eBay were no believers in this cheesy miracle: half of a 10-year-old grilled cheese sandwich whose owner claimed it bore the image of the Virgin Mary. 
 If it were up to veteran actress and 1985 Oscar winner Anjelica Huston, Latin American films would be all over U.S. theaters. 
 A committee overseeing a review of the child protection plan adopted by Roman Catholic bishops has recommended preserving a ban on church work for clerics who molest young people, according to a document the panel has sent to all U.S. bishops. 
 The dollar was modestly lower versus the euro and modestly higher versus the yen in late New York trading Tuesday, after a volatile session in which dollar-positive news did little to help the U.S. currency. 
 Lleyton Hewitt came back from an overnight rain delay to finally beat Carlos Moya 6-7 (5), 6-2, 6-4 in a first-round match at the ATP Masters Cup on Tuesday. 
 The United Nations Development Program in Honduras on Tuesday turned over information pertaining to four public bids won by the French telecommunications company Alcatel as part of a corruption investigation. 
 Spanish authorities will let the veteran Greek captain of the sunken oil tanker Prestige return to Greece as he awaits a possible trial on charges stemming from the November 2002 environmental catastrophe, officials said Tuesday. 
 The abortion pill RU-486 is safe enough to remain on the market with strengthened warnings, the U.S. government said Tuesday despite a third death after the drug's use. 
 President George W. Bush talked by telephone Tuesday with leaders in Sudan, pushing for progress in peace talks to end a 21-year civil war in southern Sudan. 
 New Zealand made the rare move of resting its captain, and Wales named three changes for their rugby union test at Millennium Stadium on Saturday. 
 People looking for a way to lose weight may want to trade in pills for a pooch. 
 Hollinger International Inc. on Tuesday said that it would sell The Jerusalem Post to an Israeli media company for $13.2 million (euro10.2 million), marking the second sale of an international newspaper as the company winnows down its assets following the ouster of its former CEO Conrad Black. 
 Abercrombie & Fitch has agreed to pay $50 million (euro38.55 million) to settle a lawsuit that accused the clothing-store chain of promoting whites over minorities and cultivating a virtually all-white image in its catalogs and elsewhere. 
 The board of the largest flight attendants union in the United States unanimously approved a strike resolution on Tuesday after its president accused the industry of using the bankruptcy process to cut workers' pay and other benefits. 
 The ABC television network apologized Tuesday for a steamy intro to its "Monday Night Football" broadcast after receiving complaints from viewers and the National Football League. 
 Now that Laura Diaz is starting to see progress, the LPGA Tour season is about to end. But at least she gets one more week, which is all she wanted. 
 The armed Basque separatist group ETA has pledged to continue attacks against Spanish security forces, dashing hopes once again that it might end its violent campaign, news reports said Tuesday. 
 A Portland lawyer was wrongly linked to the Madrid train bombings because a high-ranking supervisor bungled a fingerprint examination and two of his colleagues were too afraid to contradict him, a panel of forensic experts found. 
 Video of a U.S. Marine shooting a wounded man in Fallujah was captured by an Internet Age journalist who often reports and photographs war stories, then posts his impressions on his own weblog. 
 The government promises anyone with a computer will have access within a few years to millions of pages from old newspapers, a slice of American history to be viewed now only by visiting local libraries, newspaper offices or the nation's capital. 
 Nicaragua has sent a brigade of doctors to treat residents of a tiny Indian village suffering from a collective hysteria, Health Ministry officials said Monday. 
 The Irish Republican Army has agreed to allow two Catholic and Protestant church officials to witness the outlawed group's next act of disarmament and describe it afterward, officials in the British and Irish governments indicated Tuesday. 
 Gold futures closed at record highs Tuesday after signs of rising inflation and continued weakness in the dollar. 
 Lleyton Hewitt of Australia came back from an overnight rain delay to finally beat Carlos Moya of Spain 6-7 (5), 6-2, 6-4 in a first-round match at the ATP Masters Cup on Tuesday. 
 A boat carrying illegal migrants to Puerto Rico capsized, killing at least eight people and leaving 15 missing, officials said Tuesday. 
 A man who had sex-change surgery to become a woman was acquitted Tuesday of intentionally lying by listing herself as the bride on a marriage license application. 
 President George W. Bush on Tuesday picked National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice, who once tutored him on global affairs, to be his top diplomat, saying her foreign-policy experience and struggle against racism uniquely qualified her to be America's "face to the world" as secretary of state. 
 In the first diplomatic spat at the annual Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit, Taiwan pulled a promotional video Tuesday after China complained it incorrectly referred to the island as a "nation." 
 Two former senior underwriters at Zurich American Insurance Co. have pleaded guilty to criminal charges and agreed to cooperate in a widening investigation of bid rigging in the insurance industry. 
 Chile will probably open talks with China on negotiating a free trade agreement later this week, and Hong Kong has offered to play a supportive role, officials said Tuesday. 
 Police violence against gays and discrimination against AIDS patients in Jamaica are hurting efforts to fight the virus on the Caribbean island, Human Rights Watch said in a report released Tuesday. 
 Radio and television messages that stirred up mob anger against foreigners in Ivory Coast have given way to calls urging people to keep calm and get back to work, a U.N. spokesman said Tuesday. 
 U.S. President George W. Bush will make his first official visit to Canada on Nov. 30, meeting Prime Minister Paul Martin for talks that will range from terrorism and security along the world longest undefended border to trade problems, officials said Tuesday. 
 The mother of six of seven children killed in an apartment fire was charged Tuesday with involuntary manslaughter after investigators discovered she was visiting a neighbor at the time, a prosecutor said. 
 Environmentalists are launching a campaign Wednesday to have Nepal's Everest National Park included on the World Heritage in Danger list. 
 Today is Wednesday, November 24, the 328th day of 2004. There are 37 days left in the year. 
 Vietnamese President Tran Duc Luong arrived in Brazil seeking to strengthen his country's commercial ties with South America's biggest economy. 
 A former crematory operator accused of dumping 334 bodies and passing off cement dust as their ashes struck a plea deal that calls for up to 12 years in prison, The Associated Press learned. 
 So what's a girl who loves to shop do with $1 million? 
 Air Force Secretary James Roche resigned and the Senate confirmed defense industry executive Francis J. Harvey as secretary of the Army, the service's top civilian post. 
 The jury began deliberations in the murder trial of a confessed serial killer who could be released from prison in less than two years. 
 Daniel Nunez never thought of himself as an inventor. But the 45-year-old salesman vowed to do something after his failing eyesight forced him to rely on strangers to point out the right bus on his way to work. 
 Four hundred years after King James I denounced tobacco as "loathsome to the eye, hateful to the nose, harmful to the brain, dangerous to the lungs," the British government announced plans to ban smoking in most public places, including restaurants and any pub that serves food. 
 Forget about dancing genies, buxom harem girls and dashing heroes in mythical Arab lands bent on saving ravishing princesses. In this animated movie, the issue is one of divine love _ devotion and a struggle for God. 
 A fuel-efficient compact spacecraft has made it into lunar orbit, signaling Europe's first successful mission to the moon and putting the inexpensive probe on course to study the lunar surface, European Space Agency officials said. 
 In Europe, it's hard for some to think of Condoleezza Rice without recalling the low points in trans-Atlantic relations that grew out of the war in Iraq. 
 Thanks to Vijay Singh winning nine times, non-American players established a PGA Tour record by winning more than half of the year's tournaments. 
 Latin American countries must work together to defeat drug trafficking and international terrorism as they have done in working to keep the peace in Haiti, U.S. Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said. 
 The U.S. dollar was trading at 105.42 yen on the Tokyo foreign exchange market at 9 a.m. (0000 GMT) Wednesday, down 0.04 yen from late Tuesday. 
 Rupert Murdoch, chairman and chief executive of the media conglomerate News Corp., said he hoped to launch a business news cable channel by the summer. 
 Oracle Corp.'s takeover tug-of-war with rival business software maker PeopleSoft Inc. intensified as two shareholders who own nearly 20 percent of PeopleSoft's stock indicated they are prepared to line up on opposite sides of the battle lines. 
 Air Force Secretary James Roche resigned and the Senate confirmed defense industry executive Francis J. Harvey as secretary of the Army, the service's top civilian post. 
 Most of the presidential election provisional ballots rejected so far in Ohio came from people who were not even registered to vote, election officials said after spending nearly two weeks poring over thousands of disputed votes. 
 Australia's free trade agreement with Thailand due to start Jan. 1 will save Australian exporters tens of millions of dollars in the first year alone, lawmakers said Wednesday while introducing a bill to underpin the accord. 
 Four lawmakers, including President Lucio Gutierrez's brother, nearly came to blows on the floor of Congress and a fifth legislator flashed a gun during a debate about new political alliances that might help defend the president who thwarted an impeachment last week. 
 President George W. Bush will make his first official visit to Canada on Nov. 30, meeting Prime Minister Paul Martin to discuss issues ranging from trade to terrorism and security along the world's longest undefended border, officials said. 
 U.S. and Iraqi troops recaptured police stations and secured bridges in the northern city of Mosul in an offensive aimed at pushing out fighters supporting the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah. 
 Supporters of House Majority Leader Tom DeLay proposed a Republican rules change that would protect the Texan's leadership position if he were to be indicted by a Texas grand jury that already has charged three of his associates. 
 Mexican stocks slipped lower Tuesday amid light profit-taking after a series of recent gains. 
 Police in the neighboring port city of Valparaiso used tear gas and water trucks Tuesday to disperse scores of university students protesting against the weekend Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit and the visit of U.S. President George W. Bush. 
 China will invest more than US$19 billion (euro14.7 billion) in Argentina over the next ten years, deepening trade links between the world's fastest growing economy and South America's second-largest, Argentine officials said. 
 Margaret Hassan, a kidnapped aid worker who spent decades bringing food and medicine to Iraqis, was believed murdered after Al-Jazeera television said it had received a video showing a hooded militant shooting a blindfolded woman in the head. 
 Supporters of House Majority Leader Tom DeLay proposed a Republican rules change that would protect the Texan's leadership position if he were to be indicted by a Texas grand jury that already has charged three of his associates. 
 Gold opened at US$439.15 an ounce on Wednesday in Hong Kong, up US$1.50 an ounce from Tuesday's close of US$437.65. 
 Revelations of bid-rigging within the insurance industry may lead Congress to a "Pandora's box" of unethical conduct, a top investigator told Congress, just before two more executives pleaded guilty. 
 Asian currencies will start to play a greater role in the global economy _ especially the Chinese yuan once controls on the currency are loosened, Australia's central bank chief said. 
 The Australian employer of an Iraqi aid worker Margaret Hassan said Wednesday it was shocked and appalled that she had apparently been killed following her kidnapping last month. 
 Despite a thriving economic partnership, political ties between Japan and China are at their lowest ebb in years. The two countries are locked in disputes over World War II history, natural gas exploration and now a bold incursion by a Chinese nuclear submarine. 
 International researchers launched the first worldwide health research summit Tuesday in a desperate bid to revive research on the so-called "forgotten diseases," the illnesses of the poor that account for half the world's deaths. 
 In a pre-emptive maneuver, the prosecutor in the Robert Blake murder case warned prospective jurors they would hear that the actor's slain wife was "not Mother Teresa" and that some people may have thought she deserved to be killed. 
 China's spending on construction and factory equipment edged lower in October, but there was no sign of a major cutback despite efforts to curb lending for such investments. 
 Top ministers from 21 economies ringing the Pacific Ocean gathered in Chile to convene high-level talks on free trade and global security as university students clashed with police to protest the summmit and weekend visit of U.S. President George W. Bush. 
 A record 157,000 illegal immigrants were removed from the United States during the past year as U.S. authorities stepped up efforts to track down those who may pose security risks, the government said. 
 Britney Spears and Kevin Federline have filed their marriage license with the county registrar's office, an agency spokeswoman said. 
 The four hurricanes that hit Florida in August and September caused a slight dip in tourism, officials said. 
 International researchers launched the first worldwide health research summit Tuesday in a desperate bid to revive research on the so-called "forgotten diseases," the illnesses of the poor that account for half the world's deaths. 
 Vincent D'Onofrio, star of the TV series "Law & Order: Criminal Intent," was back in a hospital after fainting for the second time in a week. 
 Sen. John Kerry, who has $45 million (euro34.7 million) left from his record-breaking Democratic campaign, hinted that he may try again for the presidency. 
 A bomb exploded in a cinema during a screening early Wednesday in northwestern Pakistan, killing two people and injuring 29 others, including a man who was suspected in the blast and arrested, police said. 
 Who knew two SS Minnows were shipwrecked on a deserted island in a terrible storm? 
 The U.N. Security Council headed to Africa for a rare meeting in the field to promote a quick end to the 21-year civil war in Sudan which the United States says is crucial to ending a separate conflict in Sudan's western Darfur region. 
 Tokyo stocks slipped Wednesday morning after a jump in wholesale prices triggered a decline by Wall Street shares overnight. The U.S. dollar was lower against the Japanese yen. 
 Leftist rebels ambushed a police convoy with automatic weapons in northeastern Colombia, killing nine officers and wounding three, authorities said. 
 Taiwan's de facto envoy to Hong Kong believes officials here are too conservative in handling the territory's relationship with Taiwan and has called for closer ties, a newspaper reported Wednesday. 
 Bill Clinton promised that his presidential library would set a new standard for openness and said he knew from the beginning he wanted it in his home state. 
 A man who set himself on fire in front of the White House this week was a key witness against a sheik accused of funneling millions of dollars to al-Qaida and the Palestinian militant group Hamas, defense lawyers said. 
 Seeking to bolster its credentials on global warming, the United States signed an agreement with 13 other nations that calls for investing up to $53 million (euro41 million) in companies that will profitably control emissions of methane, a greenhouse gas. 
 A tiny unmanned NASA "scramjet" soared above the Pacific Ocean Tuesday at nearly 10 times the speed of sound, or almost 7,000 mph (11,263 kph), in a record-breaking demonstration of a radical new engine technology. 
 Crude oil futures eased below US$46 per barrel in Asia on Wednesday as traders awaited the weekly U.S. crude inventory report, which has helped bring down prices in recent weeks by showing a recovery in supplies. 
 The government will carry out another accounting maneuver to avoid breaching the $7.4 trillion (euro5.71 trillion) ceiling on the national debt, Treasury Secretary John Snow said. 
 A moderate Republican senator gained ground toward winning the Senate Judiciary Committee chairmanship, which was thrown into doubt after he said judges who oppose abortion rights would face confirmation problems. 
 New York Yankees slugger Gary Sheffield said Tuesday that he and his wife were the targets of a blackmailer who claimed to have embarrassing videotapes showing her having sex with a professional musician. 
 Come New Year's Day, the world's most famous mouse will lead its best-known parade. 
 Singapore on Wednesday slammed a media watchdog for ranking the island in the same league as authoritarian North Korea and Myanmar in press freedom, saying outsiders shouldn't equate freedom with criticizing the government. 
 Japan wants to arrange a foreign ministers' meeting with China to hear Beijing's explanation for the incursion of a Chinese nuclear submarine into Japanese waters last week, the government said Wednesday. 
 A fiery, head-on collision between two cars _ one carrying a government minister, the other a vacationing American couple _ has revived public fears of speeding by Ireland's police chauffeurs. 
 A federal grand jury has indicted two men for allegedly sending threatening e-mails to an Islamic center here, according to the Justice Department. 
 General Motors Corp., the world's largest automaker, has seen its business in the volatile Middle East grow more than 60 percent this year, but the company has no presence in Iraq and no immediate plans to re-enter the ravaged country. 
 Two weeks after the election, Washington state still doesn't have a new governor. And voters are weathering the suspense the way Seattle residents shrug off the rain. 
 Prime Minister Manmohan Singh headed Wednesday to India's portion of disputed Kashmir for the start of a partial troop withdrawal hailed by rival Pakistan as an important step toward easing tensions over the Himalayan region. 
 Malaysia Airlines said Wednesday it is helping Australian authorities in an investigation into the largest haul of illegal drug ecstasy ever seized in Australia _ which was shipped there in one of the national carrier's planes. 
 A key highway to the Nepalese capital targeted by communist rebels as part of a general strike remained deserted for a second day Wednesday, stranding thousands of travelers too scared to defy the rebels. 
 Andy Roddick waited out a rain delay and then held off Tim Henman of Great Britain for a 7-5, 7-6 (6) victory in the first round of the ATP Masters Cup championship Tuesday night. 
 A high-speed train that derailed in eastern Australia, injuring more than 120 people, was likely traveling too fast when it jumped its tracks, slamming into trees and tossing passengers from their seats, the train operator said Wednesday. 
 Officials from Latin American countries, the United Nations and human rights groups outlined plans for confronting the increasing number of refugees concentrated in urban centers and protecting Colombians fleeing their homeland, while commemorating the 20th anniversary of a groundbreaking refugee-protection agreement on Tuesday. 
 At least five people were killed and 10 injured in a seven-car pileup Wednesday when police stopped traffic to make way for the president's motorcade, officials and reports said. 
 The Sri Lankan cricket board said Wednesday it has banned offspinner Muttiah Muralitharan from making statements on the bowling actions of other players. 
 Alan Thompson was appointed Wednesday as Australia's head swimming coach until the 2008 Beijing Olympics. 
 Two more executives from a state-owned jet fuel company have been arrested as police widen their probe into a multimillion dollar corruption scandal, state-controlled media reported Wednesday. 
 Iraqi security forces, backed by U.S. Marines, freed a captive Iraqi truck driver during a raid south of Baghdad, the U.S. military said Wednesday. 
 Vietnam executed a woman convicted of circulating counterfeit Vietnamese currency, an official said Wednesday. 
 For weeks, bureaucratic red tape and international politics kept members of the "Havana Night Club" revue on different continents. But finally the Cuban dance troupe was together again, reunited in what will be its home for at least the next 12 weeks _ the theater at the Stardust hotel-casino. 
 Congress will vote as early as February on a free trade agreement with Bahrain and stands ready to consider agreements with other countries in the Middle East, the chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee said. 
 Ja Rule's manager was arrested as part of an investigation into the music label once known as Murder Inc. 
 The Navy has put off until at least January a decision on the contract to replace the aging Marine One presidential helicopter fleet, giving both prospective contractors more time to lobby for the prized job. 
 Eminem's new album debuted atop the charts, following a decision by the rapper's record label to move up the album's sale date amid piracy concerns. 
 The world is unprepared for an inevitable flu pandemic that could kill tens of millions of people, but profit-driven pharmaceutical companies are putting too little research into the development of vaccines, the World Health Organization said Thursday. 
 The frog is back. 
 Russia is developing a new nuclear missile system unlike any weapon held by other nuclear powers, President Vladimir Putin said, in a move that could serve as a signal to the United States as Washington pushes forward with a missile defense system. 
 NATO has agreed to step up exchanges of counter-terrorist intelligence with Israel and six Arab nations as part of a drive to develop closer ties with nations on its volatile southern and southeastern flanks, the alliance's top soldier said. 
 Frightened and in search of food, shelter and peace, thousands of refugees were surging across the border from Ivory Coast, West Africa's longtime economic bastion, paddling across the river frontier by canoe to escape growing turmoil at home. 
 Leaders of a fund set up to combat three of the world's deadliest diseases are meeting in northern Tanzania to discuss whether to call for more grants for projects to fight AIDS, tuberculosis and malaria. 
 Condoleezza Rice, nominated to be secretary of state, will undergo a minor surgical procedure at a Washington hospital on Friday, a spokesman said. 
 Benito Mussolini was a caring father, loved music and liked to watch 20 minutes of a movie after dinner, according to a fast-selling new book by the son of Italy's World War II dictator that has raised questions over how Italians deal with their Fascist past. 
 The same type of sound waves that pulsate from sonar fish-finders and ultrasound fetal monitors can dramatically boost the power of anti-clotting medicine and help it dissolve brain blockages in stroke patients, a study suggests. 
 Each day at 4 p.m., the trawlers come back, alive with giant bass, mackerel and squirming eels, at the end of a food chain that links family dinner tables to poisons in the sea. 
 The four skiers emerged from vehicles at the side of a highway high in the Rockies and headed up a steep, tree-covered slope into the wilderness. 
 Quick, name a few dishes on the Chinese lunch or dinner menu. Easy, right? Sweet and sour pork. Stir-fried rice. Won ton soup. Kung pao chicken. Peking duck. 
 Election officials in one Ohio county found that about 2,600 ballots were double-counted, and two other counties have discovered possible cases of people voting twice in the presidential election. 
 A judge sentenced a Kansas man to death for killing and beheading a housekeeper. 
 A Marxist rebel leader accused of murder and kidnapping who escaped from the fortified Attorney General's office in the Colombian capital two weeks ago turned himself in to authorities on Wednesday, officials said. 
 Real Salt Lake obtained its first player in Major League Soccer on Wednesday, trading for Dallas forward Jason Kreis in exchange for future considerations. 
 North Korea's state-run media dropped the title of "Dear Leader" to glorify the communist nation's leader Kim Jong Il in recent stories, a Japanese agency that monitors the regime's media reported Thursday. 
 Today is Sunday, November 21, the 325th day of 2004. There are 40 days left in the year. 
 Angus Eve scored a 90th-minute match-winner Wednesday to send Trinidad and Tobago into the final CONCACAF World Cup qualifying round after beating St. Vincent and the Grenadines 2-1. 
 Cameroon fired coach Winfried Schaefer on Wednesday, just three hours after his team lost to Germany 3-0 in an international friendly, the country's soccer federation said. 
 CANBERRA, Australia AP) _ The main opposition party grabbed credit Thursday for forcing an amendment to the U.S.-Australia Free Trade Agreement that it says will ensure that cheap generic drugs are not blocked from the Australian market. 
 A television news anchor appeared on the air nude in a first-person report about an artist's photographs, drawing a record number of viewers for the time slot, the station said. 
 Police in southwestern China were looking for a farmer suspected of slashing seven people to death _ including his ex-wife and five relatives _ in what appeared to be a family feud, the government said Thursday. 
 A leading archaeologist says he has discovered what could be sooty evidence that humans lived in North America tens of thousands of years earlier than is commonly believed. 
 Chile and Japan announced plans to begin preliminary talks toward negotiating a free trade agreement. 
 Enron Corp. took another step toward disappearing Wednesday when the company closed the $2 billion (euro1.5 billion) sale of its most prized remaining assets and its plan to emerge from one of the most costly and complicated bankruptcies in history became effective. 
 A Texas prison inmate was executed for fatally shooting a man who tried to stop a robber in a convenience store holdup 10 years ago. 
 A confessed serial killer was convicted of murder in a case brought by prosecutors in a desperate bid to keep him from getting out of prison in less than two years. 
 Hong Kong's richest woman, Nina Wang, has been granted an appeal to try to win her late husband's estate two years after a court said she had probably forged his will. 
 Malaysia's largest auto distributor, Edaran Otomobil Nasional Bhd., said it has signed a deal with Japan's Mitsubishi Corp. to jointly distribute Mitsubishi vehicles. 
 Defending World Cup champion Brazil suffered another setback in South American qualifying Wednesday, while two-time champion Argentine held off a stubborn Venezuela 3-2 to take over first place in the 10-team group. 
 President George W. Bush named Harriet Miers, a longtime Texas associate, as White House counsel. 
 An oil pipeline between two northern Chinese cities burst and leaked more than 1,000 tons (7,000 barrels) of crude oil, the official Xinhua News Agency said. 
 Vietnam executed five people by firing squads for murder and drug trafficking in three separate cases, an official said Thursday. 
 An FBI informant who set himself on fire in front of the White House played a role in at least three terror investigations, court documents show. 
 The White House expressed sympathy for the family of Margaret Hassan, the British aid worker who was kidnapped in Iraq and is believed to have been killed. 
 A maverick Canadian legislator with a history of anti-Bush comments said Wednesday she won't apologize for stomping on a doll of U.S. President George W. Bush in a television comedy skit, but promised not to heckle the president when he visits Canada Nov. 30. 
 A man who opened his hotel room door after hearing what sounded like a "pack of firecrackers" told of being held hostage by a gunman wearing body armor who claimed he already killed 11 people, including a German businessman, in his shooting spree. 
 A novel set in 19th century Paraguay, a work of history about an early civil rights struggle and a children's story about a boy's religious faith were among the winners at the National Book Awards. 
 A German diplomat lauded Americans for the humane treatment of German soldiers captured during World War II and brought to the United States as prisoners of war. 
 A novel set in 19th century Paraguay, a work of history about an early civil rights struggle and a children's story about a boy's religious faith were among the winners at the National Book Awards. 
 Defending World Cup champion Brazil suffered the most shocking result of the day, but China was the biggest loser. 
 Online search engine leader Google Inc. is setting out make better sense of all the scholarly work stored on the Web. 
 Indonesia's newly elected president say his administration will work in its first three months to eradicate corruption, create jobs and settle the sectarian conflicts that have raged in the world's most populous Muslim nation. 
 Costa Rica, Panama and Trinidad and Tobago all advanced to the final round of CONCACAF World Cup qualifying Wednesday, while Jamaica was left out after a 1-1 draw at the United States. 
 Mexican President Vicente Fox plans to encourage U.S. President George W. Bush to move forward with migration reforms, when the two leaders meet on Sunday at an economic forum in Chile, a spokesman for Fox said Wednesday. 
 The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues closed at 11,082.42 points on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Thursday, down 48.87 points, or 0.44 percent, from Wednesday. 
 In a gradual opening of China's skies, Beijing and Macau have agreed to give their airlines more flying rights, which could help the gambling enclave establish itself as a gateway for budget travel. 
 An annual Christmas beach party in Australia that attracts tens of thousands will be alcohol-free next month, after more than 100 inebriated partygoers needed to be rescued last year. 
 Unidentified gunmen shot to death a Tamil Tiger rebel in eastern Sri Lanka, police said Thursday. A pro-Tiger Web site said they suspected the gunmen were working with intelligence officers of the Sri Lankan military. 
 Mexico's lower house of Congress approved a general version of next year's budget on Wednesday, despite accusations that opposition legislators bent the rules to push through their proposals. 
 North Korean officials have removed portraits of leader Kim Jong Il from some public buildings, a dramatic change in a reclusive nation that has clung to totalitarian rule for more than half a century. 
 The recapture of Fallujah has not broken the insurgents' will to fight and may not pay the big dividend U.S. planners had hoped _ to improve security enough to hold national elections in Sunni Muslim areas of central Iraq, according to U.S. and Iraqi assessments. 
 Two men suspected in bombings that killed 42 people last year have been arrested in the southern Philippines and linked to the al-Qaida-allied Southeast Asian terror group Jemaah Islamiyah, authorities said Thursday. 
 More than 300 bird species in Asia are threatened with extinction due to logging, farming and development, conservationists said Thursday at an international meeting. 
 Tiger Woods survived soggy conditions Thursday to fire a 5-under-par 65 and take a three-stroke lead after the first round of the Dunlop Phoenix. 
 New Zealand's parliament passed a law Thursday making its coastline public property _ a move protested vigorously by indigenous Maori who claim a 160-year-old treaty puts much of the coast under their control. 
 The recent Dutch raid against a suspected military training camp used by Turkish Kurdish rebels is the largest crackdown against the group in Europe, which has become a base for autonomy-seeking militants to collect money, recruit and train, authorities say. 
 The NHL players' union is answering the league's hard stance with one of its own, offering little hope for resolution of the lockout that threatens to wipe out the entire season. 
 A car bomb detonated Thursday near a U.S. military convoy in western Baghdad, killing two people, police said. 
 Ivory Coast's president put a brave face on a new U.N. arms embargo targeting his government, but also warned that his turbulent nation will need to rebuild its military in the long term. 
 Gold bullion opened Thursday at a bid price of US$445.38 a troy ounce, up from US$444.00 late Wednesday. 
 Two civilians were killed and three others injured Thursday when a roadside bomb exploded in the center of a northern Iraqi town, officials said. 
 Indonesia offered amnesty Thursday to separatist militants in Aceh if they drop their bid for independence and return to the "family" of Indonesia, but the rebels quickly rejected the offer. 
 Vietnamese police on Thursday arrested the highest ranking official so far allegedly at the center of a corruption scandal involving garment and textile shipments to the United States, an official said. 
 Belgium's unlikely run of playing in every World Cup finals since 1982 has come to an end, coach Aime Antheunis said Thursday following the 2-0 home defeat of the Red Devils by Serbia-Montenegro. 
 Masatsugu Asakawa has one of the busiest jobs in Tokyo these days: monitoring the U.S. dollar's fluctuation against the Japanese yen. 
 Grand champion Asashoryu overcame Tamanoshima on Thursday to maintain a perfect record and a share of the lead after the fifth day of the Kyushu Grand Sumo Tournament. 
 Burundi has delayed again a referendum on a disputed constitution to let the electoral commission register potential voters and gather key materials, including electoral cards and ballot boxes, the electoral chief said. 
 Gold closed at US$446.15 an ounce on Thursday in Hong Kong, up US$3.60 an ounce from Wednesday's close of US$442.55. 
 Dutch authorities have extradited a leading suspect in Rwanda's 1994 genocide to the United Nations tribunal in Tanzania, police said Thursday. 
 The Russian Orthodox Church and a foreign branch that split off after the Bolshevik Revolution still differ on many issues in their reunification talks, a church leader said Thursday. 
 Forget trying to flood Bill Gates' e-mail inbox with junk. 
 A dispute over death of the world's smallest dog four years ago made a judge order the animal's exhumation, the first such move in the Czech Republic. 
 More than 170 Alitalia flights will be canceled Friday when air traffic controllers walk off their jobs for four hours, the Italian airline said. 
 Goats nibble on rotting vegetables, barefoot children scavenge through garbage and women in black robes scuttle over slivers of pavement to avoid raw sewage floating down the street. As U.S. soldiers pass by, the bustle continues uninterrupted. 
 Finnish ratification of the EU constitution will likely come by the end of 2005, Prime Minister Matti Vanhanen said, adding it will not go to a popular vote. 
 A senior East Timorese official Thursday lamented the likely scrapping of a US$5 billion (euro3.8 billion) natural gas project in the Timor Sea because of a deadlocked border dispute with Australia. 
 The leading sponsors of the "road map" peace plan will send top officials to the West Bank next week in a renewed effort to revive the internationally backed peace plan, Palestinian Foreign Minister Nabil Shaath said Thursday. 
 The sagging U.S. dollar plunged to a new low Thursday against the euro, which hit US$1.3074 in a surge that has been fueled by nagging concerns about high oil prices and the U.S. trade and budget deficits. 
 Canada's biggest mining company, Noranda Inc., has ended exclusive talks with China Minmetals Corp., but the Chinese metals trader said Thursday it will persist with its acquisition bid. 
 Macedonia's parliament formally accept Thursday the resignation of Prime Minister Hari Kostov, who stepped down over tensions with his government's coalition partners from the country's ethnic Albanian minority. 
 The spokesman for Spain's soccer federation said English journalists must shoulder some blame for the racial taunts directed at England's black players during the teams' international friendly, news reports said Thursday. 
 Asian markets closed mostly higher on Thursday, but Tokyo and other bourses were hurt by concerns over the U.S. dollar's decline against Asian currencies, with the greenback hitting a more than 4 1/2-year low against the Japanese yen. 
 The Israeli military wants to exhume the body of a 13-year-old Palestinian girl as part of its investigation into an officer accused of shooting her repeatedly at point-blank range to make sure she was dead, a lawyer for the girl's family said Thursday. 
 Russian authorities have detained two residents of the southern province of Ingushetia on suspicion of being linked to terrorists who held more than 1,000 people hostage in a school in September, officials said Thursday. 
 Turkey's defense minister said Thursday the country was considering its options for the modernization of its land forces and had not made any decision concerning the possible purchase of tanks from Germany. 
 Prime Minister Manmohan Singh met with Kashmiri political leaders on Thursday during a rare visit to the Himalayan region aimed at ending half a century of separatist violence that has claimed tens of thousands of lives. 
 Vandals firebombed a Turkish mosque in the southwestern town of Sinsheim early Thursday, burning a door before the blaze was extinguished, police said. 
 The Estonian Defense Ministry said Thursday it will buy 60 used armored personnel carriers from neighboring Finland as it enhances its military forces since joining NATO this year. 
 Britain's telecommunications regulator backed away from breaking up BT Group PLC on Thursday and instead ordered the industry giant to improve competitor access to its networks. 
 New York City unveiled detailed plans for its 2012 Olympics bid, promising to beam the Olympic rings into the night sky over Manhattan, illuminate the Empire State Building with the national colors of competing countries and plaster practically every available surface with Olympics-related advertising. 
 The European Parliament was expected to endorse the 24-member European Union executive on Thursday after new European Commission chief Jose Manuel Barroso moved to solve the legislature's objections to his lineup. 
 Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou were charged Thursday with avoiding a drug test on the eve of the Athens Olympics and faking a motorcycle accident hours later. 
 A gunfight between police and Muslim refugees from Myanmar left dozens wounded Thursday in Bangladesh, an official said. 
 Opposition parties in Portugal are demanding an explanation from the prime minister after a watchdog body accused the government of trying to muzzle its critics in the media. 
 Three rebel Zimbabwe cricketers, embroiled in a long running dispute with their national cricket board, withdrew from a resolution process this week after losing faith in the world governing body's efforts to find a solution, according to their lawyer. 
 Australian Prime Minister John Howard said Thursday a body found in the strife-torn Iraqi city of Fallujah likely was that of kidnapped aid worker Margaret Hassan. 
 India's traditional cricket home advantage is fast vanishing as teams from other countries become accustomed to the country's climate and wickets, vice captain Rahul Dravid said Thursday ahead of a two-test series against South Africa. 
 The only independent candidate linked to Uzbekistan's small opposition was disqualified from running in next month's parliamentary elections, his party said Thursday, as an American political support group expressed concerns about the vote. 
 Alstom SA, the French engineering group, narrowed its loss in its fiscal first half and said it was on course to meet key targets set out in last year's state-backed rescue plan. 
 An Australian cyclist has been suspended from competition for six months after he was found guilty of inadvertently using a banned stimulant during the last World Junior Championships, Cycling Australia said Thursday. 
 The widow of actor Denholm Elliott on Thursday accepted undisclosed libel damages from a tabloid newspaper that claimed her daughter committed suicide because she was neglected by her family. 
 The once Indomitable Lions are in disarray. 
 Israel released the top Hamas leader in the West Bank from prison on Thursday after he finished a 28-month sentence for being a member of an outlawed organization. 
 One day after Slovakia celebrated the fifteenth anniversary of the demise of communism in the country, communist deputies to the parliament submitted a draft bill to declare capitalism "inhuman," the TASR news agency reported Thursday. 
 British students suspected of hiding weapons would be forced to undergo body searches under plans outlined by the government Thursday. 
 The U.S. dollar tumbled to its lowest rate in years against key Asian currencies Thursday after a top U.S. official indicated the government wouldn't intervene to halt the American currency's recent slide worldwide. 
 Schools in one Chinese county have taken a national anti-corruption campaign into the classroom, teaching lessons in "honest government" after class elections were marred by bribery, a newspaper reported Thursday. 
 Egypt has condemned Israel's shooting dead of three Egyptian paramilitary police on the border with Gaza early Thursday. 
 An American prosecutor assigned to a Bosnian court handling corruption and organized crime has been advised to stay out of the country because of threats against him made apparently in connection with one of his cases, a court official said Thursday. 
 Thailand's revered king on Thursday warned that the country "might fall into ruin" unless the army and police can end violence in the Muslim-majority south, where officials blame a separatist insurgency for more than 540 deaths this year. 
 An inquiry into allegations of drug use at the Australian Institute of Sport's cycling program found no proof of widespread doping, although it was critical of delays in investigations. 
 Italy granted aid worth US$7.8 million (euro6 million) to Syria on Thursday for the restoration of the 11th century citadel in Damascus and renovation of the National Museum. 
 Three U.N. workers kidnapped three weeks ago in the Afghan capital remain out of reach, a government official said Thursday, as the world body appealed anew for their release. 
 Defending champion Spain will face a strong challenge from three-time winner Brazil when the FIFA Futsal World Championship kicks off Sunday in Taiwan. 
 Troubled rapper O.D.B., in a casket surrounded by red and white flowers, was remembered by family and friends at a Harlem church where the focus was on the positives in his life. 
 A former senior police official went on trial Thursday for ordering threats of violence against a suspect in the 2002 kidnapping and murder of a German banker's son. 
 The beef is being taken out of Bovril, makers of the British essence of bouillon announced Thursday, saying they want to appeal to vegetarians and overcome export restrictions imposed because of mad cow disease. 
 Reed Irvine, founder of the conservative watchdog group Accuracy in Media, died this week of complications from a stroke. He was 82. 
 The Hungarian government will try to withdraw its troops from Iraq as soon as possible, the prime minister said Thursday. 
 Environmental group the Sierra Club alleges in a lawsuit that President George W. Bush's administration changed a rule so oil and gas producers could more easily drill under national parks from outside their boundaries. 
 The wife of a prominent Kyrgyz human rights activist said Thursday her husband had been missing for two days after leaving home to meet with security officials. 
 Talks on Russia's application to join the World Trade Organization are making solid progress, and will likely be completed late next year, Moscow's chief negotiator said Thursday. 
 The government expressed skepticism Thursday over a claim by an Iranian opposition group that Abdul Qadeer Khan, the disgraced father of Pakistan's nuclear program, had given Iran a blueprint for a nuclear bomb and some weapons-grade uranium. 
 Scotland rugby union coach Matt Williams rewarded the players who crushed Japan 100-8 last weekend by naming the same starting lineup to take on Australia in Saturday's test at Hampden Park. 
 Passengers stopped a charter bus from plunging nearly 60 meters (200 feet) off a bridge after the driver collapsed, apparently from a heart attack. 
 Wayne Rooney has gone from national icon to national disgrace. 
 Roman Catholic bishops have spent more than two years trying to convince parishioners and the public that church leaders have learned the painful lessons from the crisis over clergy sex abuse. 
 A fourth of all Californians are thinking about moving _ either out of state or just to another town _ to bring down their housing costs, a new survey shows. 
 Northern Europe's first storm of the season brought high winds and snow, knocking down trees and damaging roofs, hampering air and ferry traffic and leaving thousands without power Thursday in Denmark and Sweden. 
 Western Europe's battle against cancer-causing substances gained momentum Thursday when the 25-nation European Union ratified an international treaty banning toxic chemicals. 
 The United States and Australia prevailed in an interim ruling by World Trade Organization in a dispute over protection given by the European Union to its regional goods such as Champagne wine and Feta cheese, trade officials said Thursday. 
 It wasn't a good night for Manchester United players in Europe. 
 The CEO of Intel Corp., the world's largest computer chip maker, said Thursday he sees higher revenues for his company from global operations in the first half of 2005. 
 Austrian motorbike racer Erwin Wilding was hospitalized after his bike crashed into a side barrier and exploded in flames Thursday during a qualifying round for the 38th Macau Motorcycle Grand Prix. 
 Tamil Tiger rebels on Thursday accused Sri Lanka's president of misleading international peace backers and blamed her for a 19-month stalemate in efforts to permanently end two decades of civil war. 
 A glance at the posts and personalities in the new European Commission which takes office Monday, Nov. 22: 
 Pope John Paul II received Muslim, Orthodox Christian and Jewish religious leaders from Azerbaijan, calling their visit Thursday a symbol of tolerance and declaring that religion must never be used for violent aims. 
 Equatorial Guinea prosecutors confirmed Thursday they have charged Mark Thatcher, son of former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, in an alleged coup plot in the oil-rich west African nation. 
 Suspected Tamil Tiger rebels fatally shot an army intelligence officer and a Tamil civilian in Sri Lanka's volatile east on Thursday, police and military officials said, a day after unidentified gunmen reportedly killed a rebel in the area. 
 King Letsie III reshuffled his Cabinet on Thursday, naming a new foreign minister. 
 Scientists in 17 countries will scout waterways to locate and study the world's largest freshwater fish species, many of which are declining in numbers, hoping to learn how to better protect them, researchers announced Thursday. 
 Terrorists like those who set off bombs on Spanish commuter trains, killing 191 people, will attack again somewhere despite the best efforts by any government to safeguard its citizens, Spain's former secretary for state security said Thursday. 
 A prominent Pakistani tribal elder accused of harboring Islamic militants near the Afghan border surrendered to authorities on Thursday, a senior security official said. 
 The Croatian Journalists Association said Thursday it will alert international human rights and media bodies over the case of a journalist who was questioned _ and reportedly intimidated and blackmailed _ by intelligence service agents. 
 Belarus' top security official was officially dismissed Thursday for meeting with an opposition leader during last month's heated protests over a referendum on President Alexander Lukashenko's tenure in power, the president's press service said. 
 A list of of upcoming English soccer matches: 
 Two Dutch terrorism suspects arrested earlier this month after a daylong standoff with police are accused of having planned an attack on Amsterdam's mayor Job Cohen and other political figures, their lawyer said Wednesday. 
 Forwards Ronaldinho and Ronaldo face each other for the first time in Saturday's eagerly anticipated league clash of Spanish giants FC Barcelona and Real Madrid, just three days after they were teammates in Brazil's shock World Cup qualifying defeat. 
 China has pledged another US$3 million to build a new cricket stadium in Antigua to host matches in the 2007 World Cup in the Caribbean, officials said Thursday. 
 The United States and Australia prevailed in an interim ruling by the World Trade Organization in a dispute over protection given by the European Union to its regional goods such as Champagne wine and Feta cheese, trade officials said Thursday. 
 A big, bearded cleric caught the eye of a mosque official as he approached the stand to deliver the sermon, the chief imam at Bahrain's largest mosque recalled Thursday. 
 Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia pledged Thursday to maintain order and enforce the rule of law in Palestinian areas as authorities prepare for elections to replace Yasser Arafat. 
 The governor of Nigeria's Plateau state returned to office Thursday at the end of six months of emergency rule triggered by Muslim-Christian violence _ despite his own troubles over his alleged money-laundering in London. 
 The coach and the players were pleased. The fans seemed indifferent. The media was split. 
 Oil futures seesawed around the US$47 mark Thursday as traders weighed continued declines in U.S. distillate stocks against a rise in crude supplies. 
 Swedish Space Corp. workers on Thursday carried out final preparations on a rocket carrying weightlessness experiments that is due to be launched next week. 
 They laughed as they recalled his talent for mimicking world leaders. And they paid tribute to his humanitarian efforts. 
 Pakistani authorities have arrested the alleged mastermind of a deadly bombing near the U.S. Consulate in Karachi two years ago but another key member of his network is still on the run, a senior official said Thursday. 
 Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou and their coach were charged Thursday with avoiding a drug test on the eve of the Athens Olympics and faking a motorcycle accident hours later. 
 France's foreign minister, congratulating Condoleezza Rice on her nomination as U.S. secretary of state, said he wants to work with her on terrorism, Afghanistan and other issues, his ministry said Thursday. 
 Russia formally notified the United Nations on Thursday of its acceptance of the Kyoto Protocol on global warming, starting a three-month countdown for the long-debated 1997 pact to come into force. 
 Austrian motorcycle racer Erwin Wilding was hospitalized in serious condition on Thursday after his Honda 1000cc bike crashed against a side barrier and exploded in flames during a qualifying round at the 38th Macau Motorcycle Grand Prix. 
 A Moscow court on Thursday convicted a man of attempting to bribe a policeman after committing a traffic violation and handed him a two-year suspended sentence, news agencies reported. 
 In the new democratic South Africa, the government has sought to empower blacks by giving them a larger stake in the economy through lucrative deals that seek to uplift those often impoverished by apartheid. 
 President Alvaro Uribe said Thursday that when George W. Bush visits Colombia next week he will ask the U.S. president to maintain an expensive, anti-drug aid package to the country beyond its expiration date in 2005. 
 Police fired tear gas and swung batons Thursday to break up a protest by hundreds denouncing the arrest of three Islamist leaders accused of distributing fake torture photos of jailed prisoners. 
 Two Ukrainian merchant seamen who were convicted of oil smuggling in Iraq and allegedly tortured while being held at Baghdad's notorious Abu Ghraib prison were released from a Ukrainian prison, their lawyer said Thursday. 
 As leaders from Pacific Rim economies gathered for a weekend summit on trade and security issues, their government ministers on Thursday were wrapping up talks on similar issues and jockeying for one-on-one meetings to press their agendas. 
 Tajikistan authorities have confiscated the latest edition of an independent newspaper _ which is printed in neighboring Kyrgyzstan after officials closed its domestic printer's shop _ the editor said Thursday. 
 The mail must get through, but sometimes it takes a little time _ in this case, 54 years. 
 Japan and China were trying to arrange a meeting between their leaders on the sidelines of this weekend's Asia-Pacific conference in an effort to calm rising tensions between the two nations, officials said Thursday. 
 The attorney representing Scott Peterson, who was convicted of killing his pregnant wife, wants a new jury in a different county to decide whether Peterson gets the death penalty or life in prison without parole. 
 Argentina recognized China as a market economy on Thursday, granting the Asian country a status it has been seeking worldwide to keep countries from imposing penalties on the dumping of Chinese exports. 
 Authorities arrested a manager at a top subsidiary of Russian oil giant OAO Yukos amid an investigation into the alleged embezzlement of millions in company funds, a Russian news agency reported Thursday. 
 ATHENS, Greece _ The Greek government submitted to parliament Thursday an ambitious budget for 2005 that it hopes will bring its deficit below the European Union cap of 3 percent of gross domestic product. 
 South Africa's coach Ray Jennings on Thursday implored his young and inexperienced cricket squad to prove its mettle during the upcoming two-test series against India. 
 Le Beaujolais Nouveau has arrived! And while figures show that French wine consumption is dropping, financier Michel Poncet still opted for a glass with his morning paper Thursday. 
 Prime Minister Adrian Nastase on Thursday called on Bulgarian authorities to release a Romanian journalist who was arrested while filming border crossing zones with a hidden camera. 
 Legendary hockey defenseman Alexander Ragulin, who played for the dominant Soviet teams of the 1960s and 1970s and was a three-time member of Olympic champion teams, has died, the Moscow sports club CSKA said Thursday. He was 63. 
 While the world's attention is focused on the humanitarian crisis in Sudan's western region of Darfur, the troubled country's south is facing growing food shortages, the U.N. World Food Program warned on Thursday. 
 The CEO of Intel Corp., the world's largest computer chip maker, said Thursday he sees higher revenues for his company from global operations in the first half of 2005. 
 The retrial of 17 Hindus charged with burning 14 Muslims to death in Indian religious riots in 2002 suffered another setback Thursday when a second witness recanted earlier testimony and was declared hostile by the judge. 
 Shares of Google Inc. slipped Thursday after the world's most popular Internet search engine warned for the second time in a week that its fourth-quarter revenue growth rate is likely to slow from previous quarters. 
 A truck rammed into a minibus in a remote area of eastern Pakistan on Thursday, killing at least nine passengers and injuring nine others, police said. 
 Yasser Arafat's nephew, Nasser al-Kidwa, will head to Paris on Friday to obtain the medical filed about the Palestinian leader's death, a Palestinian official said Thursday. 
 A prosecutor has charged two police officers with causing severe bodily injury after they allegedly pinned a man to the ground so tightly that he couldn't breathe, a news agency reported Thursday. 
 American national champion Johnny Weir is up against European champion Brian Joubert of France as the men's competition highlights the Trophee Bompard, the fifth meeting in the International Skating Union's Grand Prix series. 
 The number of people filing new applications last week for unemployment benefits dipped last week, offering a hopeful sign for recovery in the U.S. labor market. 
 Sri Lanka's government unveiled a proposed annual budget Thursday with higher tax rates and pay raises of up to 40 percent for its 500,000 civil servants. 
 Ruling party presidential candidate Hifikepunye Pohamba took a large early lead Thursday in partial returns trickling in from Namibia's general election. 
 Reports of violence against women and children around refugee camps in Sudan's embattled region of Darfur are increasing, contradicting Sudanese government claims that the situation is under control, the U.N. children's agency said Thursday. 
 U.S. Treasury Secretary John Snow repeated Thursday that the United States supports a strong dollar and "currency values set in open markets," even as the dollar plunged to a new low against the euro earlier in the day. 
 Ethiopia's musicians joined forces with hundreds of politicians Thursday to record a charity song, inspired by the success of trans-Atlantic musical projects that raised millions of dollars for the victims of the 1984-85 famine. 
 The Iraqi government warned Thursday that Islamic clerics who incite violence will be considered "participating in terrorism," and said that a number of them have already been arrested. 
 Prince Charles' tirade against people who aspire to lofty goals beyond their natural talent earned him a rare public rebuke from a senior government minister on Thursday _ and gasps of disbelief from the British media. 
 The European Parliament approved the reshuffled 24-member European Union executive on Thursday, ending a tense political showdown with incoming EU chief Jose Manuel Barroso over objections to his team. 
 Chile's first divorce law took effect Thursday, prompting a number of Chileans to trek to the courts to legally dissolve marriages that had long ago failed. 
 The future of controversial European Union legislation that would allow for some software patents was in doubt Thursday after the Polish government switched sides, saying the directive could hurt small and medium-sized businesses. 
 Most of the millions of red locusts that swarmed through Cairo had flown east by Thursday but the government announced that President Hosni Mubarak was still closely following the efforts to control the swarm that had invaded northern Egypt a day before. 
 Venezuela's government will raise the limit on dollars available to Venezuelans traveling abroad to US$4,4000 next year from the current limit of US$4,000, an official said Thursday. 
 Lithuanian animal control officers captured an endangered Eurasian lynx cub on Thursday, the second time this week they had to do so. 
 English golfer Paul Casey apologized Thursday for derogatory comments he made about Americans. 
 A court Thursday ruled that a Danish former lawmaker suspected of sexually abusing a young boy should be released from custody. 
 A fire roared through a chemical factory on the outskirts of the Argentine capital Thursday, killing one person and injuring at least four others, authorities said. 
 Europe's top human rights body called on the Greek government Thursday to develop national legislation prohibiting acts of discrimination toward minorities in Greece, citing an increase in anti-Semitism in the country. 
 Miroslav Klose came off the bench to score twice and be named man of the match in Germany's 3-0 win over Cameroon. He's determined that a groin injury won't force him to miss Werder Bremen's important trip to Arminia Bielefeld in the Bundesliga. 
 An underworld gang charged with assassinating a ranking Serbian police officer was acquitted of the murder charges on Thursday, though most were nonetheless jailed for firearms offenses. 
 President Vladimir Putin told the chief of the International Monetary Fund on Thursday that Russia may pay off portions of its international debt earlier than initially planned. The IMF head, meanwhile, urged Putin to push ahead with reforms and rein in inflation while Russia's economy enjoys an oil-fueled economic boom. 
 Research and engineering company Science Applications International Inc. agreed to sell its telecommunications software company, Telcordia Technologies Inc., to two private equity firms for $1.35 billion (euro1.04 billion) in cash, the parties announced in a joint statement Thursday. 
 Creating a way out from a sticky diplomatic problem, French authorities said Thursday they would release Yasser Arafat's medical records to his nephew, a Palestinian Authority figure who then could resolve questions about the cause of the leader's death. 
 Canadian federal and provincial governments have a legal but limited duty to consult native Indians about the use of land ensnared in unproven claims, the country's Supreme Court ruled on Thursday. 
 The English Football Association has denied a claim by its French counterpart that Les Bleus will play in the opening game at the new Wembley Stadium in March 2006. 
 World soccer's governing body will investigate the racial taunting of England's black players by Spanish soccer fans during two international matches this week. 
 The total cost of the Athens Olympics may exceed euro11 billion (US$14.6 billion), according to Greece's 2005 budget submitted to parliament Thursday. 
 Portugal's main political parties agreed Thursday on the question to ask in a referendum on the European Union constitution, but they don't know yet when they are going to ask it. 
 Amid calls for the resignation of Romania's soccer coach after a humiliating draw against Armenia, soccer federation boss Mircea Sandu said Thursday he also was considering alternatives to replace Anghel Iordanescu. 
 The euro rose to a new high against the dollar for the second straight day in European trading Thursday, as investors showed they remain concerned about the state of the U.S. economy. Gold prices mostly fell. 
 The head of a bust portraying Norwegian artist Edvard Munch located near his grave in Oslo had its head cut off and stolen, police said Thursday. 
 An orthodox Jew died Thursday after being shot in the head outside his home in Antwerp earlier in the day. Investigators said it was too early to tell if the killing was the first deadly attack in an upsurge of anti-Semitic violence against one of western Europe's most visible Jewish communities. 
 FIFA ordered an investigation Thursday into the racist abuse directed by Spanish fans at England's black soccer players. Some critics said Spain should be forced to play its home games in empty stadiums. 
 The United States must live up to the spirit of a deal with poor countries and halt financial aid to American cotton farmers, African officials said Thursday. 
 Share prices rose Thursday on the London Stock Exchange. 
 The Italian Cup furthered its reputation as a low priority for many clubs, with several teams announcing they will field second-level teams for their first-leg matches of the third round. 
 France signed health and banking accords with Mexico and launched a joint trade mission with Quebec on Thursday as Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin kicked off the business portion of his three-day visit here. 
 Heroin production is booming in Afghanistan, undermining democracy and putting money in the coffers of terrorists, according to a U.N. report Thursday that called on U.S. and NATO-led forces get more involved in fighting drug traffickers. 
 A top policeman in this Transylvanian city has been suspended and is under investigation after it was alleged that he had ties to owners of a local strip club who were arrested for forcing women into prostitution, police said Thursday. 
 The United States has intelligence indicating Iran is trying to fit missiles to carry nuclear weapons, U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell said. 
 A 71-year-old Japanese resident of Switzerland plans to sail a small homemade boat from Europe to his Asian homeland. 
 Norway is set to contribute troops to a European rapid reaction force beginning in 2008, even though the Nordic country is not a member of the European Union, the defense minister said Thursday. 
 The fund set up to combat three of the world's deadliest diseases agreed Thursday to finance more projects to fight AIDS, tuberculosis and malaria after the U.S. abandoned proposals to suspend future grants until other donors bridge funding shortfalls. 
 Sampling of reaction to the racist abuse by Spanish fans of England's black players in Wednesday night's friendly in Madrid: 
 A retired Russian military official said Thursday that he and other Russians planning to testify at the war crimes trial of Slobodan Milosevic believe the charges against the former Yugoslav president are bogus. 
 Virgin Mobile Holdings PLC reported an 18 percent surge in revenue but lower net profits for the half year Thursday as the costs of its listing on the London Stock Exchange this summer hurt the bottom line. 
 Prime Minister Goeran Persson said Thursday he wants to see an African country as a permanent member on the U.N. Security Council, but declined to say whether he would support Nigeria's push for such a seat. 
 The senior U.S. Marine commander in Iraq said Thursday that the U.S.-led offensive in Fallujah has "broken the back of the insurgency" by seizing their main base of operations. 
 An upbeat Raymond Domenech says France is improving. But another 0-0 draw is far from convincing proof. 
 Skipper Sourav Ganguly will be allowed to play in India's first test against South Africa because his appeal of a two-match suspension won't be decided until after the match, the International Cricket Council said Thursday. 
 The American public is "virtually defenseless" if another medication such as Vioxx proves to be unsafe after it is approved for sale, a U.S. government drug safety reviewer told a congressional committee Thursday. 
 The trial of an Afghan former warlord accused of conspiring to torture hostages in his homeland ended without a verdict Thursday when the jury could not reach a majority decision. 
 The presidents of Albania and Macedonia said Thursday their countries should intensify bilateral cooperation to speed up their efforts to move closer to the European Union and NATO. 
 Insurgents lobbed 10 mortars Thursday at the provincial administration offices in the northern city of Mosul, wounding four of the governor's guards, the U.S. military and local officials said. 
 Falling profit forecasts from Google Inc. and Applied Materials Inc. kept stocks mixed Thursday, even as the government reported another drop in unemployment claims. 
 The Kentucky Supreme Court on Thursday overturned a murder conviction in the 1994 sniper death of a University of Kentucky athlete, saying the prosecutor committed a "flagrant" violation of the U.S. Constitution. 
 The European Union's incoming antitrust chief will likely have to step aside from at least three pending cases because of potential conflicts of interest, a European Commission spokesman said Thursday. 
 The senior U.S. Marine commander in Iraq said Thursday that the U.S.-led offensive in Fallujah has "broken the back of the insurgency" by seizing their main base of operations. 
 An Islamic extremist group that claimed responsibility before for several kidnappings and beheadings in Iraq warned voters and politicians in an online statement found Thursday against participating in the January elections. 
 Indian and Russian officials met Thursday to explore ways to boost trade and energy cooperation and prepare for an upcoming visit by Russian President Vladimir Putin. 
 President Abel Pacheco said Thursday he is supporting former El Salvador President Francisco Flores to be chief of the Organization of American States to replace ousted leader Miguel Angel Rodriguez. 
 The U.S. dollar sagged to another record low against the euro Thursday, fueling speculation that the European Central Bank may stage a risky intervention in currency markets to prop up the dollar and protect Europe's export-driven recovery. 
 Brushing off criticism that Russia was retreating from democracy, President Vladimir Putin on Thursday sought to convince the nation that his electoral reform was needed to save the country from being torn apart by international terrorists and regional business barons. 
 The Hungarian government declared invalid on Thursday the only bid it received for a 99.95 percent stake in heavily indebted Malev Airlines, but said it would try to sell it again soon. 
 European stocks ended flat to lower Thursday, despite reassuring corporate newsflow, as investors began to question whether equities can continue to march higher into the year end. 
 Police on Thursday arrested a man suspected of killing a Roman Catholic priest in northwestern Bosnia on. 
 Puerto Rico's pro-statehood gubernatorial candidate asked a federal judge Thursday to throw out thousands of ballots favoring his closest rival in the disputed Nov. 2 elections, arguing the voter's intent was not clear. 
 SFC Opava will become the fourth team to have points deducted at the end of the season for its role in a referee bribery scandal that has rocked Czech soccer. 
 Altitude, apathy, overconfidence _ Brazil groped for reasons Thursday to explain its stunning 1-0 loss to Ecuador in the World Cup qualifiers. 
 FIFA ordered an investigation Thursday into the racist abuse directed by Spanish fans at England's black soccer players. Some critics said Spain should be forced to play its home games in empty stadiums. 
 Austria will continue to work for stability in the western Balkans, the foreign minister said Thursday during a visit by the NATO secretary general. 
 A television reporter was convicted of criminal contempt Thursday for refusing to say who gave him an FBI videotape showing a city official taking a bribe. 
 Irishmen Paul McGinley and Padraig Harrington are tough to satisfy. 
 South Africa's Competition Tribunal rejected a request by Gold Fields Ltd. on Thursday to block a hostile takeover bid by Harmony Gold Mining Co. 
 Ethiopian Prime Minister Meles Zenawi said Thursday that the Axum Obelisk, a 1,700-year-old monument hauled off almost four decades ago from Ethiopia by Italian fascist forces, would be back home by next year, an Italian news agency said. 
 Poland and Slovakia remain committed to keeping troops in Iraq, leaders of both countries said Thursday after Hungary decided this week to withdraw its 300 soldiers. 
 Offices of the agency responsible for constructing venues for the Turin 2006 Olympics were searched Thursday as part of an investigation into alleged building corruption. 
 Paris Saint-Germain's season has been much like the traffic lights controlling the city's dense traffic. Stop-go. Stop-go. 
 U.S. and Iraqi forces swept Thursday through an insurgent neighborhood in central Baghdad, arresting 104 suspected guerrillas, the Interior Ministry spokesman said. Nine of them were believed to have fled Fallujah. 
 Relief organizations estimate that up to 250,000 Iraqis have fled Fallujah and could need help in nearby villages and in Baghdad, a U.N. official said Thursday. 
 Authorities intensified the pressure on the OAO Yukos oil giant Thursday, arresting a manager at a key subsidiary and issuing an international arrest warrant for the company's chief lawyer. 
 Egypt has asked the United States to hand over five Egyptians detained at the U.S. Naval base in Guantanamo, Cuba, Egypt's Middle East News Agency reported Thursday. 
 A small explosion occurred early Thursday in front of a government court complex in Myanmar's capital, causing no injuries and only minor damage. 
 American national champion Johnny Weir is up against European champ Brian Joubert of France at the Trophee Bompard, the fifth event in the International Skating Union's Grand Prix series. 
 A former top French spymaster on Thursday said the threat of global terrorism, rooted in part in the spread of the Internet, will likely persist for the next 40 years. 
 France captain Guy Forget understands why Amelie Maursemo does not want not to play in the Fed Cup, but still doesn't think it's right. 
 The chairman and CEO of a U.S. shipping company accused of hiring a Bulgarian crew to illegally dump 442 tons of fuel-contaminated wheat into the South China Sea testified Thursday that he didn't recall key conversations and documents about the voyage. 
 Visitors to the Clinton presidential library in Little Rock, Arkansas, should allow at least two hours for a visit, according to library director David Alsobrook. For their $7 (euro5) admission fee, they'll see: 
 New research suggests that developing the ability to run _ long thought to be a byproduct of walking for early man _ was actually an instrumental step in the evolution of people from ape-like creatures into what we know today as humans. 
 French media and telecommunications company Vivendi Universal SA said Thursday it's spending euro1.1 billion (US$1.43 billion) to raise its stake in Maroc Telecom to 51 percent. 
 Walt Disney Co. Chief Executive Michael Eisner testified Thursday that he told Disney's directors he was hoping to "trade" president Michael Ovitz to Sony Corp. on the same day he told a national television audience that he would hire Ovitz again. 
 Iran on Thursday denied allegations that it was working on atomic weapons and trying to fit missiles to carry nuclear warheads. 
 Prime Minister Goeran Persson said Thursday he wants to see an African country as a permanent member on the U.N. Security Council, but declined to say whether he would support Nigeria's push for such a seat. 
 Federal agents on Thursday detained an Uzbek man they said was a leader of the banned Islamic group Hizb ut-Tahrir, an organization Russian and Uzbek authorities allege has ties to international terrorist groups. 
 Secretary of State Colin Powell on Thursday posted a $5 million reward for information leading to the capture of Mustafa Setmariam Nasar, an al-Qaida operative who ran a terrorist training camp in Afghanistan. 
 China pledged another US$3 million (euro2.3 million) to build a new cricket stadium in Antigua to host matches for the 2007 World Cup. 
 Italian Premier Silvio Berlusconi and Cypriot President Tassos Papadopoulos on Thursday discussed Turkey's bid to join the European Union, the Italian leader's office said. 
 A small airliner attempting to land in a rainstorm crashed Thursday into the fire station of Caracas' international airport, killing three people and injuring 18, authorities said. 
 Top Clinton administration officials, both Presidents Bush, rock stars and ordinary admirers of Bill Clinton turned out Thursday to pay homage to "a man of compassion" at the opening of the Clinton Presidential Center. 
 Colin Firth is done being Bridget Jones' nice guy, but he's not against donning British agent 007's tuxedo. 
 Glenn Close says her first role as a regular on a TV show "will be kind of a great adventure" _ including the commute to Hollywood. 
 Ivory Coast's government convened Thursday for the first time since a deadly airstrike on French peacekeepers plunged the country into crisis, declaring that their government was not looking for war. 
 Authorities have seized 40 kilograms of cocaine hidden among a shipment of plywood in a Bahamas port, police said Thursday. 
 Rolling Stone magazine has named the top 500 songs of all-time, and, well, the No. 1 song isn't exactly a complete unknown. 
 More than 20 countries, including the United States, France and Britain, Thursday signed an agreement here to require safer sliding doors on minivans as the first international safety standard for motorized vehicles, the United Nations said. 
 The head of Russia's security council told Iran Thursday that Russia would continue helping Iran carry out peaceful nuclear power projects, Russian news agencies reported. 
 The governor of Diyala province said Thursday he escaped an assassination attempt when a roadside bomb exploded beside his convoy in an area northeast of Baghdad. Four of his bodyguards were injured, he said. 
 The City Council unanimously passed a tax relief package aimed at keeping film companies and other businesses from leaving Los Angeles. 
 Spanish King Juan Carlos and Queen Sofia toured the seaside city of Cartagena on Thursday and offered their condolences to thousands of Colombians whose homes were damaged by the heaviest torrential rains here in half a decade. 
 Venezuelan authorities said Thursday they will investigate comments made by the head of the Washington-based National Endowment for Democracy in which he allegedly disparaged the government. 
 The French said Thursday they have been invited to play England when Wembley Stadium reopens in March 2006, but the English Football Association is denying it. 
 The powerful central committee of the ruling Palestinian Fatah party on Thursday urged parliament to complete its draft elections law quickly so that local and parliamentary elections can be held by the end of June 2005. 
 Russia on Thursday demanded that Sweden shut down a Chechen separatist Web site that is being hosted on a Swedish-owner server. 
 Colombia's internal conflict took center stage Thursday in the second day of a Western Hemisphere security summit, with talk centered around Colombia's suggestion to create a multinational military force to combat guerrillas and drug traffickers. 
 Fox News will come to Canadian digital television, the country's broadcast regulator announced Thursday on its Web site. 
 Police are recommending a criminal charge against a World War II veteran who allegedly backed a van over his friend and killed him during a Veterans Day parade. 
 Venezuela's economy grew 15.8 percent in the third trimester, compared to a 20 percent drop in the same period of 2003, the Central Bank said Thursday. 
 A teenager in Southern California was convicted of attempted murder for shooting his pregnant girlfriend at the clinic where she went to get an abortion. 
 The U.S. economy could be headed for slower growth in the next several months, according to a report released Thursday by a private research group. A separate report showed a drop in weekly claims for unemployment benefits. 
 Paul Hoffman took five wickets for five runs to put Scotland in total control of Kenya, while Canada and the United Arab Emirates were finely poised in the Intercontinental Cup cricket semifinals on Thursday. 
 New energy cooperation agreements to be negotiated between Brazil and Germany will exclude nuclear power, the foreign ministers of both countries said on Thursday. 
 In a Nov. 12 story about Sherrie Miller Daly, wife of golfer John Daly, The Associated Press reported erroneously that she pleaded guilty to a federal money laundering charge. Sherrie Miller Daly pleaded guilty to one count of structuring transactions to evade reporting requirements. 
 A bankruptcy judge on Thursday left intact temporary 21 percent pay cuts on some US Airways workers that he imposed last month to help the airline conserve cash and avoid liquidation. 
 Palestinian officials appealed Thursday for international monitors to help with their upcoming presidential elections and asked that Israel's unilateral plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip be folded into a stalled international peace plan. 
 Chile and Russia will soon sign a formal accord avoiding double taxation between the two countries, Chile's Foreign Ministry announced Thursday. 
 A judge threatened to dismiss the treason trial of a television talk show host in Guyana after postponing it Thursday because the prosecution had failed to produce any witnesses. 
 Turkey's prime minister told U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney Thursday that Turkey is perturbed by the U.S. military offensive on the Iraqi city of Fallujah and the fatal shooting of a wounded Iraqi by a U.S. Marine in an Iraqi mosque, news reports said. 
 Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez and Paraguayan President Nicanor Duarte signed an oil deal Thursday, sending Paraguay 18,600 barrels a day at preferential rates. 
 An ex-mayor who fatally shot a young journalist during election-related protests may have done so accidentally, Nicaragua's National Police said Thursday. The prosecutor in the case insisted the politician deliberately fired the shot from close range. 
 Former soldiers demanding the reinstatement of the army sparred with U.N. peacekeepers Thursday when the armed men tried to leave their compound for a march marking the anniversary of a Napoleanic battle that led to Haiti's independence. 
 A tunnel used by Palestinian weapons smugglers along the Egyptian border collapsed on Thursday, burying three people inside, Palestinian and Israeli military officials said. 
 Former Prime Minister Vaughan Lewis will head a Commonwealth observer team to monitor upcoming presidential and parliamentary elections in Mozambique. 
 Gold for current delivery closed at $442.60 per troy ounce Thursday on the New York Mercantile Exchange, down from $444.80 late Wednesday. 
 A year ago, Shane Mosley was celebrating his second win over Oscar De La Hoya and making plans to replace him as one of boxing's biggest stars. 
 For somebody who never has won a NASCAR championship, Kurt Busch is acting mighty calm and confident. 
 A week after the death of Yasser Arafat, the Bush administration said it was talking to Congress about resuming direct U.S. assistance to the Palestinian Authority that he headed. 
 The stock market closed. 
 African countries are facing a health crisis because they lack enough medical personnel to attend to the sick, a top international health official told a summit of government ministers and researchers Thursday. 
 Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder and Prime Minister Vojislav Kostunica agreed Thursday that they want to boost business ties between Germany and Serbia. 
 Spanish hotel group NH Hoteles said Thursday it plans to invest more than US$45 million (euro34.55 million) in Mexico over the next four years. 
 Guatemala expelled 11 Cubans to Mexico on Thursday after they were captured at the two countries' common border, the country's immigration direct said. 
 Ministers representing 21 Pacific Rim economies pledged Thursday to push hard for a new trade treaty that would slash agricultural subsidies and lower tariff barriers in a bid to boost the planet's economy. 
 A fire at an electrical substation triggered blackouts Thursday in parts of Madrid, leaving about 80,000 people temporarily without power and snarling traffic and subway lines before the blaze was brought under control about three hours later. 
 Jimmie Johnson went from top contender to also-ran to unbeatable, and now he has all the momentum heading into the last race of the NASCAR season on Sunday. 
 Qwest Communications, which last month settled civil fraud charges, has begun negotiating settlements of shareholder lawsuits that accuse the company of misleading investors, a spokeswoman for one stockholder said. 
 Britain's Prince Edward offered Thursday to help get for more aid for the Cayman Islands after meeting with hurricane victims and seeing the destruction. 
 Secretary of State Colin Powell on Thursday posted a $5 million reward for information leading to the capture of Mustafa Setmariam Nasar, an al-Qaida operative who ran a terrorist training camp in Afghanistan. 
 Stocks rose modestly in uninspired trading Thursday as investors looked past a mix of economic data and falling profit forecasts from Google Inc. and Applied Materials Inc. 
 The defense ministers of Italy and Israel discussed bilateral cooperation, international terrorism and Middle East security during talks Thursday in Rome, the Italian ministry said. 
 When Gov. Ernie Fletcher signed a death warrant for a convicted killer this month, he may have done more than start the clock ticking on an execution. Some say Fletcher, a doctor, may have put his medical license at risk. 
 Justice Minister Laurette Onkelinx said Thursday she and other politicians had received death threats, a day after a senator who criticized fundamentalist Muslims was forced into hiding. 
 The U.S. Supreme Court has refused to hear an appeal that sought to restore the citizenship of an Ohio man the Justice Department said was a guard at Nazi concentration camps. 
 Pakistan's military has been so effective in pressuring al-Qaida leaders hiding in the tribal region of western Pakistan that Osama bin Laden and his top deputies no longer are able to direct terrorist operations, a senior American commander said Thursday. 
 The president of Brazil's National Development Bank, Carlos Lessa, stepped down from his post Thursday. 
 The Chrysler Group said Thursday it will add anti-rollover technology as standard equipment on all its sport utility vehicles in 2006, joining General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. in bolstering safety offerings on the popular vehicles. 
 A pair of famous New York faces recently underwent face-lifts and chin-tucks to restore their youthful luster. 
 A 59-year-old engineer who accused Boeing Co. of age discrimination has won a $2.5 million (euro1.9 million) verdict in a federal lawsuit claiming he was wrongly denied assignment as a test pilot three years ago. 
 The northern spotted owl, the bird at the center of the Pacific Northwest logging wars, will stay on the endangered species list, the government said Thursday. 
 SBC Communications Inc. and Yahoo! Inc. are expanding their partnership in high-speed Internet access to make news, entertainment and other services available not just on computers but also on cell phones, televisions and other devices. 
 The dollar strengthened from a fresh all-time low against the euro Thursday as investors took profits after several days of heavy losses for the U.S. currency. 
 A tainted former Cabinet minister flatly denied allegations Thursday of ties to organized crime that were made in The New York Daily News. The paper said it based the information on FBI documents. 
 Landon Donovan, who started all but one of the United States' 15 matches this year including all eight World Cup qualifiers, has been chosen as Honda Player of the Year, becoming the first three-time winner of the award as the Americans' best. 
 Flooding and mudslides have killed seven people, left one person missing and blocked some roads in northern Venezuela, authorities said Thursday. 
 Winger Al Lakomskis was recalled for the first time in two years for the United States' rugby union test against Ireland at Lansdowne Road on Saturday. 
 French Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin said Thursday his country had a "humanitarian responsibility" to treat a dying Yasser Arafat, but ducked questions about what killed him. 
 Goalies Martin Brodeur and Dominik Hasek will lead a European tour by locked-out National Hockey League players. 
 Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi and Chinese President Hu Jintao will hold a one-on-one meeting at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit this weekend at a time of rising tension between the two nations, a Japanese official said Thursday. 
 Rescuers have recovered 10 dead bodies in their search for migrants from a boat that capsized trying to reach Puerto Rico illegally, officials said Thursday. 
 Mexican stocks rallied at the end of the session Thursday to close at another record high, after spending much of the day in negative territory. 
 News that Emisphere Technologies Inc. inked its second pact in two months following a long dry spell in licensing deals sent stock in the development-stage biotech company higher Thursday. 
 A Maori lawmaker facing fraud charges who has been expelled from her party was formally ousted from Parliament on Friday when her seat was declared vacant. 
 List of winners at the 2004 MTV Europe Music Awards: 
 Crude-oil futures declined Thursday, even as heating oil rallied for a second straight session. 
 Britain outlawed fox hunting in England and Wales on Thursday as elected legislators won a dramatic standoff with the House of Lords to ban a popular country sport despised by many urbanites. 
 The antagonism underlying Oracle Corp.'s $9.2 billion (euro7.1 billion) hostile takeover bid for rival PeopleSoft Inc. deepened Thursday as the rival business software makers swapped unpleasantries a day before a pivotal deadline in their long-running battle. 
 Swedish star Annika Sorenstam birdied four of the last five holes for a 6-under 66 and a one-shot lead after the first round of the season-ending ADT Championship on Thursday. 
 Phil Knight stepped down Thursday as president and chief executive officer of Nike Inc., the $12 billion (euro9.21 billion) athletic shoe and clothing company he co-founded and built into the world's largest shoe maker and one of the best-known brands. 
 Four major insurance companies paid a broker tens of millions of dollars in hidden kickbacks in exchange for winning contracts with some of the largest U.S. companies, California Insurance Commissioner John Garamendi charged Thursday. 
 Peter Forsberg and Marian Hossa finished without a point in one of the most hyped hockey showdowns of the season in the Swedish Elite League on Thursday. 
 OutKast topped the winners list Thursday at the MTV Europe Music Awards picking up three prizes, including best group. 
 Embattled insurance broker Marsh & McLennan Companies Inc. said Thursday that five members of its board of directors _ all of them executives of the company _ are leaving the board. 
 The government is checking a possible new case of mad cow disease, officials said Thursday, rattling America's cattle industry, food processors and beef-oriented restaurant chains. 
 Franco-American, the brand name that has adorned cans of kids' mealtime favorite SpaghettiOs and other foods for more than a century, is being consigned to history. 
 A federal judge has refused to quash a subpoena that requires a Time magazine reporter to testify before a grand jury investigating the leak of an undercover CIA officer's identity. 
 El Paso Corp. shareholders ignored recommendations from two influential advisory firms to fire its outside auditor at the company's long-delayed annual meeting. 
 New research bolsters a growing body of evidence that an increasing proportion of women in the industrialized world are choosing to give birth by Caesarean section even when there is no clear medical need. 
 Today is Friday, November 26, the 330th day of 2004. There are 35 days left in the year. 
 An alleged member of a Uighur group with ties to the al-Qaida terror network was among four prisoners who appeared Thursday before U.S. military review tribunals in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
 Australian Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said tougher action, including economic sanctions, may be necessary to get North Korea back to negotiations to stop its nuclear program. 
 The U.N. Security Council considered a draft resolution Friday on Sudan to conclude a rare meeting outside of New York intended to focus world attention on two conflicts that have left millions of people dead or homeless. 
 Nearly a week after his death, speculation still swirls around what killed Yasser Arafat. Cirrhosis of the liver, AIDS, a blood disorder and poisoning are frequently mentioned in unconfirmed reports _ all consistent with the little that is publicly known about the medical condition that landed the Palestinian leader in a French hospital. 
 A campaign raising money to save the 14th century Macclesfield Psalter _ a rare example of English medieval art _ from being sold to an American museum received a boost Friday. 
 Ukrainian voters face an array of tensions in the weekend presidential runoff _ whether the victor will be a Western-inclined reformer or a Kremlin favorite, and whether unrest will break out if the vote count is alleged to be fraudulent. 
 European Union justice and interior ministers were meeting Friday to discuss how to better integrate ethnic minorities into European society amid rising ethnic tensions across Europe, particularly in the Netherlands. 
 The World Bank is ready to fund development projects in Kashmir if that helps bring peace to the insurgency-wracked region, President James D. Wolfensohn said as he pledged US$9 billion (euro6.91 billion) in aid to India over the next three years. 
 As club-wielding mobs surged through Ivory Coast's largest city hunting for foreigners, national figures urged them on: "Rise up against French imperialism." "Sever the umbilical cord." "If I find my French man, I will eat him." 
 In a cold, drenching rain, President George W. Bush made small talk under umbrellas with former President Bill Clinton after praising the one-time political foe he once scorned as a man who diminished the honor and dignity of the Oval Office. 
 China has pledged another US$3 million to build a new cricket stadium in Antigua to host matches in the 2007 World Cup in the Caribbean, officials said Thursday. 
 The woman sits in an enclosed garden with a child on her knee, her hand holding the little boy as he flips through a book resting on her opposite leg. 
 Robin Williams, a five-time Golden Globe winner, will receive the Cecil B. DeMille Award for career achievement at January's ceremony. 
 First Chingy hit the "Jackpot." Now he wants to collect again on "Power Ballin." 
 Chile has expressed "full support" for Vietnam's efforts to join the World Trade Organization. 
 Detectives were negotiating the surrender of rapper Young Buck, who is suspected of stabbing a man who had punched rap star Dr. Dre at the Vibe Awards, police said. 
 Afghan President Hamid Karzai says fighting the country's booming narcotics industry is a priority, but has rejected a U.S. proposal to use planes to spray opium poppies with herbicides, citing health risks for farming communities. 
 So just how cordial is the Entente Cordiale? 
 Bobby Frank Cherry, convicted of killing four black girls in a racially motivated bombing of a Birmingham church in 1963, died Thursday in prison. He was 74. 
 Scrumhalf Agustin Pichot was recalled to lead Argentina for the first time since the 2003 World Cup in a rugby union test against unbeaten France on Saturday. 
 An Ontario judge ordered the removal of three directors from the board of Hollinger Inc., the Toronto-based company announced. 
 When Mark Winegardner was 12, he read Mario Puzo's "The Godfather" _ a novel that was supposedly off limits to him. The local library felt books with a lot of sex and violence might leave too much of an impression on a young reader. 
 In a few years train passengers will vanish into a tunnel just south of Zurich and emerge 30 minutes later blinking in southern European sunshine. They'll have missed the Alpine views but shortened their journey to Italy by half. 
 Love them or hate them, there's no denying Bon Jovi's accomplishments. 
 The U.S. dollar was trading at 104.33 yen on the Tokyo foreign exchange market at 9 a.m. (0000 GMT) Friday, up 0.57 yen from late Thursday. 
 With its irresistible hip-hop beats and shouted refrains, crunk music incites a fervor in fans that's reminiscent of a religious experience. 
 America's favorite deep-sea sponge is coming to the surface. 
 Strong results from its cable channels and ABC Television network drove higher revenue and profits at The Walt Disney Co. in the fourth quarter, overcoming a steep drop in profits at its film studio. 
 Rhett, Scarlett, Mammy, Ashley, Prissy ... 
 Three days before the presidential election in Ukraine, the White House said the initial round of voting did not meet a "basic test" of a truly democratic process and that the government should ensure Sunday's balloting is better. 
 Myanmar's military government has begun releasing almost 4,000 prisoners whose detentions were ruled irrelevant or improper, state-run radio and television announced. 
 A Democratic senator warned CIA Director Porter Goss Thursday that his efforts to make major changes could have "a significant and negative effect on the agency." 
 A former Navy SEAL's "dangerous obsession" with singer Sheryl Crow led him to track her down and pay alarming visits to her and her family before he was arrested, a prosecutor said. 
 Gap Inc.'s third-quarter profit improved slightly even as the international clothing retailer's sales began to sag. 
 Toby Keith didn't have to go to Nashville to become a country music superstar. Nashville came to Oklahoma. 
 Chile and China said they will soon begin talks on a Free Trade Accord. 
 She was Playboy's first centerfold and Joe DiMaggio's second wife. Marilyn Monroe possessed a knack for the big splash, particularly if there was a camera nearby _ and it seemed there was always a camera nearby. 
 The House ethics committee has found a congresswoman misused campaign funds for a trip to the Grammy Awards and refused to repay the money. 
 Terror charges against an Australian alleging he channeled money to and from al-Qaida should be dropped because his statements during interrogation in Pakistan were coerced, the suspect's lawyer said Friday. 
 Australian nickel miner WMC Resources will explore for nickel and copper in western China in a joint venture with China's Jinchuan Group, the companies said Friday. 
 They still love Lindy in Little Falls. 
 Comparing pornography to heroin, researchers are calling on Congress to finance studies on "porn addiction" and launch a public health campaign about its dangers. 
 New York Yankees manager Joe Torre would love to have Boston Red Sox ace Pedro Martinez in his rotation _ just as he'd love to have any great starting pitcher. 
 A judge awarded more than $86 million (euro66 million) Thursday to a woman who sued the Cuban government over her father's execution following the 1961 Bay of Pigs invasion. 
 From Martha Washington's tea tray to the signature black pantsuit Hillary Rodham Clinton wore during her Senate campaign, a traveling exhibit chronicles not only the changing wardrobe of America's first lady, but also her evolving role in politics. 
 Angered at being targeted by the United States for its poor human rights record, Belarus hit back with a resolution accusing the U.S. government of disenfranchising voters, abusing prisoners and other rights violations. 
 Trinidad and Tobago's soccer team issued a public apology on Thursday, a day after a subpar win over St. Vincent and the Grenadines in CONCACAF World Cup qualifying. 
 Federal prosecutors probing ties between the worlds of drug dealing and rap music have filed murder charges in the slaying of a rapper known as E-Money Bags. 
 The father of one of two 13-year-old girls accused of serving poisoned cake to about a dozen students said Thursday he and his daughter were sorry it happened. 
 Ryder Cup captain Tom Lehman is not concerned about the disappointment Tiger Woods expressed over his selection to head the 2006 U.S. team. 
 A Navy SEAL lieutenant faces a hearing Monday on allegations he assaulted an Iraqi detainee who died at the Abu Ghraib prison, the Navy said. 
 Gold opened at US$442.15 an ounce on Friday in Hong Kong, down US$4.00 an ounce from Thursday's close of US$446.15. 
 A contrast between the historic fiction of Philip Roth's novel "The Plot Against America" and "A True Chronology of the Major Figures" that Roth wrote as a postscript to his book: 
 A deathbed murder confession from a woman led to the discovery of her husband's remains Thursday inside a freezer at a storage facility, where his body has been for at least six years, authorities said. 
 Phil Knight stepped down as president and chief executive officer of Nike Inc., the $12 billion (euro9.2 billion) athletic shoe and clothing company he co-founded and built into the world's largest shoe maker and one of its best-known brands. 
 Whoopi Goldberg is back on Broadway in the one-woman show that launched her career 20 years ago, and much is the same: same theater, same big-name producer and much of the same material. 
 Superficially, "Bad Education" comes off as a collection of Pedro Almodovar's greatest hits _ junkies and drag queens and Catholics, oh my! _ with an everything-but-the-kitchen-sink denseness about it. 
 Top officials from 21 Pacific Rim economies issued a strong show of support for a global trade treaty and agreed on new counterterrorism measures aimed at protecting everything from air travel to shipping and food stocks. 
 In extremely blunt terms, the top U.S. trade official said Brazil, Argentina, Paraguay and Uruguay must be more flexible in negotiations aimed at creating a 34-nation free trade agreement spanning the Americas. 
 Absorbent and yellow and porous is he, but SpongeBob SquarePants proves there's a limit even to what he can achieve. 
 The U.S. dollar edged higher against the Japanese yen Friday morning as investors cautiously watched for signs of Japanese central bank intervention after the American currency fell to nearly an eight-month low the day before. Tokyo stocks bounced back. 
 When in the course of human events did it become necessary for Jerry Bruckheimer and Nicolas Cage to continue collaborating on bad action flicks? 
 President Hamid Karzai said fighting the booming opium trade is a top priority, following a U.N. report warning that Afghanistan risks becoming a "nacro-state." But he rejected a U.S. proposal to spray poppies with herbicides, citing health risks. 
 Police were investigating the cause of an explosion at a teahouse in western China that killed 12 people and injured 24 others, an official said Friday. 
 A man prosecutors say cheated 15,000 investors from more than five dozen nations out of about $58 million (euro44.5 million) pleaded guilty Thursday to federal charges related to the fraud scheme. 
 Mexican President Vicente Fox said he will legally challenge the federal budget passed by opposition lawmakers, in a nationally televised address on Thursday. 
 A man fatally shot two people and wounded a third inside a Radio Shack store at a St. Petersburg shopping mall Thursday night, then shot himself to death, police said. 
 Members of Walt Disney World's largest union group, representing 40 percent of the resort's 51,000-person work force, approved a three-year contract proposal as the current contract was set to expire. 
 The price of crude stayed put in Asia on Friday as traders took stock of falling U.S. distillate supplies and a stepped-up offensive in the criminal probe of Russian oil giant OAO Yukos that threatens to shut down the company. 
 China has suspended all new cigarette and tobacco foreign joint ventures, state media reported Friday, raising doubts over a claim by British American Tobacco that it has approval to manufacture cigarettes on the Chinese mainland. 
 Impoverished North Korea might resort to selling weapons-grade plutonium to terrorists for much-needed cash and that would be "disastrous for the world," the top U.S. military commander in South Korea said Friday. 
 Congress sent President George W. Bush an $800 billion (euro614 billion) boost in the federal borrowing limit on Thursday, spotlighting how the budget has lurched out of control in recent years and how hard it will be to afford future initiatives. 
 Condoleezza Rice, chosen to replace U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell, has told her Indian counterpart she wants to expand the already "great relationship" between the two nations in the next four years, the government said Friday. 
 Pakistan says it would not accept the existing military line dividing Kashmir as an international border, and is playing down concern that India is irreconcilibly opposed to adjusting that frontier. 
 A businessman at the center of allegations that Australia's deputy prime minister attempted to induce an independent lawmaker not to stand for re-election said Friday the claim had "no foundation in fact." 
 Secretary-General Kofi Annan appointed Ross Mountain, a top U.N. humanitarian expert who has been working in Iraq, to be the new U.N. resident coordinator in Congo. 
 Chinese police have detained a dozen Nepalese men who were trying to smuggle guns from China into Nepal, news reports said Friday. 
 The British military wasted thousands of pounds (dollars, euros) buying back old military vehicles, upgrading them for Iraq duty, then selling them cheap again without using them in action, an auditor's report said Friday. 
 North Korea is denying reports that portraits of leader Kim Jong Il have been removed from public places, calling the accounts a U.S. plot to overthrow his government, China's main state news agency reported Friday. 
 Two armed men shot two guards to death on Thursday while freeing a fellow gang member from custody as he was being treated at a public hospital in Tegucigalpa, authorities reported. 
 A South Korean gorged for 24 days on fast food to warn his countrymen about its health consequences, mimicking the U.S. box office-hit documentary "Super Size Me" about the ill effects of a man's monthlong binge on McDonald's fare. 
 Australia and the United States have agreed to install the newest version of a computerized combat system in Australian and U.S. Navy submarines, Australian officials said Friday. 
 Top-seeded Roger Federer overcame a second-set lapse and remained unbeaten in the ATP Masters Cup Championships with a victory Thursday over Carlos Moya. 
 China plans to let foreign companies take stakes in local television production companies, in a move that will give international media better access to the world's biggest market. 
 Asia's best-known budget carrier, Malaysian-based AirAsia, could be ready for takeoff in Indonesia as early as January, a newspaper reported Friday. 
 Mexican President Vicente Fox said he will legally challenge the federal budget pushed through Congress by opposition lawmakers, in a nationally televised address on Thursday. 
 A pickup belonging to a prosecutor who is pressing charges against supporters of Venezuela's failed 2002 coup exploded early Friday, and a charred body inside appears to be that of the prosecutor, the government said. 
 China's Dutch-born coach Arie Haan heads home next week after standing down in the wake of his team's elimination from 2006 World Cup qualifying, state media reported Friday. 
 U.N. diplomats abandoned contentious efforts to draft a treaty that would outlaw human cloning and will likely settle for a weaker declaration that won't seek a comprehensive ban, officials said. 
 A radio talk show host drew criticism after calling Condoleezza Rice an "Aunt Jemima" and saying she isn't competent to be secretary of state. 
 Venus Williams defeated injured sister Serena 6-4, 7-5 in an exhibition match Thursday. 
 Indonesian police Friday arrested two people over a bomb attack last week on Sulawesi island that killed five Christians and raised fears of a fresh outbreak of religious violence in the region. 
 Thai Muslim leaders on Friday dismissed as "useless" a government plan to drop millions of Japanese-style folded paper birds over the violence-hit south as a symbolic appeal for peace. 
 A new Australian patrol ship armed with two machine guns will scour the country's territorial waters in a "deadly serious" mission to stop illegal fishermen from taking Australia's fish, officials announced Friday. 
 The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues closed at 11,082.84 points on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Friday, up 0.42 point, or 0.004 percent, from Thursday. 
 Electric power was expected to be restored by Friday afternoon to several thousand Madrid residents still affected by a major outage the day before. 
 Vanuatu's prime minister has caved in to pressure from his Cabinet to abandon a deal granting diplomatic recognition to Taiwan _ the latest twist in the on again, off again struggle. 
 A homeless man who robbed a gas station so he could be arrested and avoid spending a night on the streets got more than he bargained for Friday when he was given a four-year prison sentence. 
 Five Australian athletes from Olympic sports tested positive to drugs leading into the Athens Games, while every Australian Olympian was subjected to random test, the national sports drug agency reported. 
 The Russian government plans to sell a majority stake in the main production unit of the embattled Yukos oil company at an auction scheduled for Dec. 19, the Interfax news agency reported Friday. 
 A Greek sailor drowned Friday when a small cargo ship carrying construction materials and a crew of 12 sank after hitting a reef near the Aegean Sea island of Aegina. 
 A majority stake in the embattled Yukos oil company's main production will be sold at an auction Dec. 19, according to an announcement in the Russian government's official newspaper Friday. 
 An explosion blew out windows at a prosecutor's office and nearby buildings in the Tajik capital, Dushanbe, but no one was injured, police said Friday. 
 North Korea is denying reports that portraits of leader Kim Jong Il have been removed from public places, calling the accounts a U.S. plot to overthrow his government, China's main state news agency reported Friday. 
 The chief of Israel's army said Friday that an investigation had been opened into the accidental killing of three Egyptian police officers, and conclusions would be issued next week. 
 Things are starting to look up for Tiger Woods. 
 A 14-year-old student stabbed a classmate in the back Friday at the campus of an exclusive Sydney private school, police said. 
 The Asian Development Bank said Friday it has approved a US$301 million loan package to improve the road network in northwestern Pakistan. 
 As her mother marked 1,000 days in captivity, the daughter of a politician held hostage by rebels in Colombia on Friday accused the country's president of not doing enough to win her release. 
 The U.S. dollar was trading at 104.18 yen on the Tokyo foreign exchange market at 5 p.m. (0800 GMT) Friday, up 0.42 yen from late Thursday. 
 North Korean spies inadvertently kidnapped a Japanese nurse when they were looking for teachers, U.S. Army deserter to the North Charles Jenkins says, a mistake that helped start an unlikely Cold War alliance when she became his wife. 
 Government and military officials are pillaging timber from a protected forest in southwestern Cambodia and extorting money from other illegal loggers there, an international conservation group said Friday. 
 Japanese financial officials tried to play down worries Friday that a planned revision in calculating growth may show the economy shrank instead of grew slightly in the quarter ended Sept. 30. 
 Tiger Woods reiterated his criticism of the PGA of America on Friday for its decision to pass over close friend Mark O'Meara as captain of the 2006 Ryder Cup team. 
 Gold bullion opened Friday at a bid price of US$442.10 a troy ounce, up from US$441.90 late Thursday. 
 A week after his death, speculation still swirls around what killed Yasser Arafat. Cirrhosis of the liver, AIDS, a blood disorder and poisoning are frequently mentioned in unconfirmed reports _ all consistent with the little that is publicly known about the medical condition that landed the Palestinian leader in a French hospital. 
 The last Australian aid agency operating in Iraq has suspended operations in the country, saying it is too dangerous to keep working there amid the violent insurgency. 
 Kazakhstan's oil minister said Friday that the government wants to buy British Gas' entire stake in a project to develop a giant oil field in the Caspian Sea, according to a news report. 
 Germany's air traffic control agency has reached a new collective bargaining agreement with workers, averting a possible strike, both sides said Friday. 
 South Korea may consider forming a unified team with North Korea for the 2006 World Cup soccer tournament, a South Korean soccer official said Friday. 
 Pilots of SN Brussels Airlines delayed departure of morning flights Friday to protest proposed changes to their vacation rules, officials said. 
 A portly Shiite cleric, Abu Qusai sheds his black robe for a training suit and exchanges his white turban for a baseball cap, an effort to mask his identity for a risky trip through what has become known as the "triangle of death." 
 Teachers across Bulgaria went on strike Friday to demand higher wages and an increase of budget funding for education. 
 Insurgents battling U.S. and Iraqi forces in the northern city of Mosul have been trying to drag the Kurdish minority into their fight and set off a sectarian war, Kurdish and Arab officials say. 
 Gold closed at US$443.55 an ounce on Friday in Hong Kong, down US$2.60 an ounce from Thursday's close of US$446.15. 
 Authorities arrested a man Friday accused of sending death threats to a senator who had criticized fundamentalist Muslims. 
 U.S. President George W. Bush, meeting with Asian-Pacific leaders, is seeking more international backing to both persuade North Korea to abandon its nuclear weapons ambitions and to take concrete steps to cripple terrorist networks around the world. 
 An antiques and furniture store has sued pop star Michael Jackson for allegedly failing to pay a nearly US$180,000 (euro138,000) bill. 
 U.S. consumer and cattle-industry groups joined the government in cautioning against public alarm as federal scientists investigate a possible new case of mad cow disease. 
 Peace campaigners in Nepal on Friday urged communist rebels to stop using land mines, which have killed, injured or maimed hundreds of people in the past few years. 
 The new owners of Chinese Super League leader Shenzhen Jianlibao say they're likely to sell the club, delivering a further blow to the nation's struggling professional league. 
 A former lawmaker suspected of sexually abusing a teenager said in interviews published Friday that he was not ashamed of his actions, claiming the 13-year-old boy told him he was old enough to have sexual relations. 
 President Vladimir Putin rejected concern that he is beating a path toward authoritarianism, calling such criticism "total nonsense" in an interview published Friday and saying Russia needs time to build democracy after centuries of heavy-handed rule. 
 Tajikistan's anti-drug agency seized nearly 250 kilograms (550 pounds) of illegal drugs in the capital Dushanbe, officials said Friday. 
 Asian stock markets closed generally mixed Friday, with the key index edging marginally higher in Tokyo but slipping in Hong Kong. 
 Two more suspected members of the militant Basque separatist group ETA have been arrested, the Interior Ministry confirmed Friday. 
 Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan signed a declaration of friendship Friday and pledged to boost trade, rekindling ties strained in 2002 when Turkmen officials accused their Central Asian neighbor of involvement in an alleged assassination plot against their president. 
 Intel Corp.'s chief executive on Friday said the world's largest computer chip company was not suffering from overcapacity and asserted that new areas were emerging to increase global demand for microprocessors. 
 Insurgents attacked a police station in the central Iraqi village of al-Mashru, but no injuries or serious damage was reported, the Polish military said Friday. 
 A European human rights watchdog Friday accused Russian authorities of political motives in the arrest and prosecution of executives from the Yukos oil company. 
 Chinese police on Friday said an explosion at a teahouse that killed 14 people was caused by a bomb planted by a man who died in the blast, a news report said. 
 Niger's first president to complete a full term without assassination or overthrow was ahead Friday in his bid for re-election, in partial results trickling in from the Sahara nation. 
 While NASA is best known for putting a man on the moon, the U.S. space agency will now help keep plant and animal species on Earth. 
 The bodies of three Myanmar Muslim refugees killed during a gunfight with police were recovered Friday from a forest in southeastern Bangladesh, officials and witnesses said. 
 British Prime Minister Tony Blair on Friday thanked his Hungarian counterpart for his support in Iraq. 
 Norway has agreed to send four F-16 jet fighters to patrol the air space over NATO's new Baltic members at the request of the alliance, the Defense Ministry said Friday. 
 Scientists from across Asia will launch a genetic study of the region's people in an attempt to learn why some ethnic groups are more prone to certain diseases. 
 China has suspended all new cigarette and tobacco foreign joint ventures, state media reported Friday, raising doubts over a claim by British American Tobacco that it has approval to manufacture cigarettes on the Chinese mainland. 
 A U.N. agency warned Friday that locust swarms could arrive in Israel, the West Bank and Gaza, Saudi Arabia and Sudan, but not in massive waves. 
 Human rights groups on Friday urged the Republic of Congo's government to ratify an international treaty that would protect the rights of pygmies, many of whom live in virtual slavery here. 
 Religion can be used to mobilize people to protect the environment because spirituality is closely linked to nature, members of a panel on faith-based conservation said Friday. 
 The Kyrgyz Supreme Court on Friday upheld a district court's decision to keep an opposition leader in prison until after next year's presidential election before he can be considered for early release, an activist said. 
 French Finance Minister Nicolas Sarkozy and Bank of France Governor Christian Noyer have finalized discussions on the sale of a portion of France's gold reserves. 
 The European Union Commission on Friday cleared U.S.-based electronic parts manufacturer Jabil Circuit Inc. to acquire the Polish television plant of Dutch giant Royal Philips NV. 
 The governor of the Baghdad region, Ali al-Haidri expressed optimism Friday about the forthcoming elections in Iraq and called on supporters of radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr to lay down their weapons and vote. 
 Grand champion Asashoryu outmuscled Mongolian compatriot Kyokutenho on Friday to preserve his unbeaten streak and snatch the lead after the sixth day of the Kyushu Grand Sumo Tournament. 
 Serbia's government on Friday sought parliament's support for its 2005 budget proposal, pledging tax breaks, economic growth, a generous welfare program and a "modest" deficit in the cash-strapped Balkan republic. 
 A Romanian journalist who was arrested for using a hidden camera to film a Bulgarian duty-free shop was released on bail Friday, a prosecutor said. 
 Two Israeli tourists were stabbed in Istanbul's historic district but suffered only minor injuries, an Israeli official said Friday. 
 A Chechen man has been arrested on suspicion of involvement in the July slaying of Paul Klebnikov, the American editor of Forbes magazine's Russian edition, the Interfax news agency reported Friday. 
 Two Royal Air Force fighter jets were sent to escort a passenger plane to a British airport after the plane's crew repeatedly failed to contact air traffic controllers, officials said Friday. 
 Kyrgyzstan's security agency was accused Friday of involvement in the disappearance of a prominent human rights activist who staunchly criticized the president. 
 Crude oil prices rose Friday as traders took stock of falling U.S. distillate supplies and a stepped-up offensive in the criminal probe of Russian oil giant OAO Yukos that threatens to shut down the company. 
 Religious figures and leaders of faith-based groups from across South Asia met Friday to discuss how to end the stigma and ignorance that fed the HIV/AIDS epidemic, a UNICEF official said. 
 German Economics Minister Wolfgang Clement said Friday that the possibility of a sudden or excessive weakness in the U.S. dollar is a matter of concern to the entire world, which should work together to reduce the risks. 
 Iraqi forces, backed by U.S. soldiers, stormed one of the major Sunni Muslim mosques in Baghdad after Friday prayers, opening fire and killing at least three people, according to eyewitnesses. 
 The European Union said Friday its system of protecting names for regionally produced foods such as Champagne and Parma ham was strengthened by an initial ruling from the World Trade Organization. 
 Air travel from Italy was snarled Friday as air traffic controllers staged a nationwide strike that forced hundreds of flights to be canceled or delayed. 
 A British man campaigning for more rights for divorced or separated fathers was arrested Friday after he handcuffed himself to a government minister. 
 Nigerian star Nwankwo Kanu says his former Arsenal teammates have been poking fun at the glaring miss that cost his new club, West Bromwich Albion, a point last weekend. 
 Spin star Harbhajan Singh will play for Surrey next season now he has been cleared to play for the county by the Indian cricket board. 
 The European Union is expanding plans to set up several elite battlegroups for rapid deployment to international trouble spots. 
 Two Ukrainian nuclear reactors were switched off Friday _ one due to a steam leak and another for regular maintenance, authorities said. There were no increases in radiation levels, an official said. 
 Purdue University researchers are studying military families to give the U.S. government information on how to keep soldiers happy so they don't leave. 
 The United Nations Security Council should be expanded to include Germany, Japan and developing nations such as Brazil and India as permanent members, French President Jacques Chirac said Friday. 
 More than 60 previous winners of the Right Livelihood award, also known as the "alternative Nobel" prize, on Friday called for a complete investigation into the poisoning death of an Indonesian human rights activist. 
 Greece's struggling national air carrier Olympic Airlines said Friday it has increased the number of flights from Athens to Sofia as part of company's commitment to expand operations in southeast Europe. 
 Hate crimes against Muslims, particularly in Europe, should be combatted as vigorously as attacks on Jews, officials told a European-Mediterranean conference Friday. 
 A family feud in India's largest private company, Reliance Industries, spilled into the stock market Friday with its share price slipping 3.4 percent, despite the company chief's claim that ownership issues wouldn't affect the business. 
 Several loud explosions hit central Baghdad Friday, as smoke rose above the fortified Green Zone. 
 Ukrainians see themselves as the most miserable people in Europe, according to a worldwide survey _ a dismal self-assessment ahead of Sunday's presidential election. 
 A former German defense official accused of taking a bribe in a party financing scandal will not contest a French court ruling allowing his extradition to Germany, his lawyer said Friday. 
 India and Russia are working on new visa rules for businessmen, teachers and students with an agreement expected to be signed when Russian President Vladimir Putin visits next month, a news report said Friday. 
 The government on Friday welcomed a letter by U.S. President George W. Bush promising to support a United Nations effort to resolve a name dispute between neighbors Greece and Macedonia. 
 A Belfast judge upheld a law Friday that bars British government employees from running for office in Northern Ireland elections. 
 Israel was signaling flexibility and openness toward the emerging new Palestinian leadership Friday, with a top adviser to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon saying peace talks could resume if the Palestinians showed some good will. 
 Swedish telecom giant LM Ericsson said Friday it received a 2.55 billion kronor (euro284 million, US$370 million) extension of its frame agreement with 3G operator 3 to deliver equipment and services for wireless operations in the Nordic countries. 
 Relations between Ukraine and the European Union will be influenced by how free and fair the country's presidential runoff this weekend is, the president of the European Parliament said Friday. 
 The chief organizer of the Turin 2006 Winter Olympics said Friday the games were not threatened despite a euro186 million (US$242 million) shortfall and an inspection by financial police this week of the company building roads and Olympic installations. 
 The persistence of bloated U.S. trade deficits over time can pose a risk to the U.S. economy, which thus far has proven resilient, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan warned Friday. Policy-makers must not get lulled into a sense of complacency, he said. 
 The 2006 Winter Olympics are on track despite a euro186 million (US$242 million) budget shortfall and a police investigation into alleged fixing of construction contracts, the games' chief organizer said Friday. 
 A 70-0 beating of Canada was effectively a warmup for new England coach Andy Robinson. Now Clive Woodward's successor has a real challenge when Tri Nations champion South Africa returns to Twickenham to make up for a 53-3 loss two years ago. 
 Tajik authorities banned distribution Friday of the latest edition of an independent newspaper amid what critics have called a government campaign to silence the opposition ahead of parliamentary elections next year. 
 U.S. troops are conducting an offensive in a northern Iraqi town after a recent escalation of violence in the Sunni Arab stronghold injured three American soldiers and 10 Iraqi National Guards, the U.S. military said Friday. 
 The European Union said Friday its system of protecting names for regionally produced foods such as Champagne and Parma ham was strengthened by an initial ruling from the World Trade Organization. 
 Kyrgyzstan's intelligence agency on Friday warned of a growing terrorist threat in Central Asia from religious extremists, who have been blamed for a series of attacks across the region. 
 Moldova's President Vladimir Voronin offered Friday wide autonomy to Russian-speaking separatists who control a breakaway eastern province if they agree to reintegrate with this former Soviet republic. 
 A brief look ahead to this weekend's English Premier League games: 
 A Polish military official downplayed the effect that Hungary's withdrawal of its 300 troops from Iraq will have on the international security force, saying Friday their duties for the Polish-led contingent will be picked up by existing troops. 
 A Belgian convert to Islam has confessed to sending death threats to a senator for criticizing fundamentalist Muslims, officials said Friday. 
 Liberia's interim head of state Gyude Bryant began a four-day visit to Sweden Friday to discuss future peacekeeping operations in the African country with Foreign Minister Laila Freivalds and other government officials. 
 A federal jury awarded a Ukrainian woman more than $400,000 (euro300,000) in damages after she sued an Internet matchmaking service that introduced her to a man she said was abusive. 
 A suicide car bomber rammed into a police patrol in Baghdad Friday, killing one policeman, police and hospital officials said. 
 Thousands of Palestinians in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip on Friday protested against the American offensive in the Iraqi city of Fallujah, burning the effigy of a Marine and U.S. and British flags. 
 The Palestinian prime minister urged the United States on Friday to implement the "road map" peace plan by 2005, as originally planned, arguing that the new four-year time frame suggested by U.S. President George W. Bush will give Israel time to grab more land in the disputed West Bank. 
 A German man who achieved notoriety in this northeastern Thai town for allegedly trying to infect dozens of women with HIV_ the virus that causes AIDS _ was found guilty Friday of overstaying his visa, and may be deported. 
 U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan on Friday called on 14 African leaders meeting in Tanzania to "reverse" years of misrule and mistrust in central Africa where the past decade has seen millions die in wars, rebellions and a genocide. 
 A helicopter crash killed four members of the Argentine air force in southwestern Argentina, officials said Friday. 
 Japanese organizers of the 2005 world's fair have shipped from Siberia a frozen woolly mammoth that will be the event's main attraction. 
 The chief of staff of Israel's army on Friday promised a full investigation into reports that troops desecrated Palestinian bodies and then snapped their photographs with the corpses as war mementos. 
 The Cabinet approved changes in Spain's labor law Friday to make it easier for illegal immigrants to acquire work papers, identity cards and residency permits. 
 Dutch Justice Minister Piet Hein Donner said Friday access to popular Dutch 'coffee shops' to smoke marijuana could be cut for foreigners _ including other EU citizens _ as part of a new European Union drugs control policy. 
 Iran dismissed as "baseless" Friday the remarks by U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell on its nuclear program, adding he should review his intelligence sources. 
 The French government wants answers after two telecoms network crashes cut off phone users including emergency services. 
 BAR team chief David Richards is leaving the Formula One team as part of a management skakeup of the English-based racing outfit. 
 A wildcat strike by 1,300 bus drivers in the southern region around the capital that started last week threatened to widen on Friday as truck drivers and air transport workers pledged to join next week. 
 Somalia's new president on Friday asked the U.N. Security Council, meeting in an extraordinary session in Africa, to launch a major peacekeeping operation to bring stability to his anarchic nation. 
 Austria is proposing changing its immigration laws so that asylum seekers will not be allowed to travel freely in the country, a government spokesman said Friday. 
 A federal jury awarded as much as $434,000 (euro333,330) to a Ukrainian woman who sued the Internet matchmaking service that set her up with the man who allegedly abused her after they wed. 
 High oil prices pose a potential danger to Russia's economy, President Vladimir Putin said in an interview published Friday. 
 Andre Agassi won't have to pay British taxes on endorsement money earned while playing in England. 
 A second former employee of DaimlerChrysler AG has filed a federal lawsuit against the automaker, accusing it of firing her after it ignored reports of accounting fraud. 
 India's Hetero Drugs is withdrawing six of its generic versions of antiretroviral drugs from the World Health Organization's list of approved HIV medicines, saying it is not certain they are biologically the same as the patented drugs. 
 Spain's Cabinet approved changes to the country's labor law Friday that make it easier for illegal immigrants to acquire work papers, identity cards and residency permits. 
 Police chiefs in the Balkans agreed Friday to intensify their cooperation and launch joint police operations to crack down on organized crime, trafficking and terrorism. 
 Falling rocks killed a man and his four sons on a mountainous road in central Tajikistan, officials said Friday. 
 Ruling party presidential candidate Hifikepunye Pohamba had an overwhelming lead in partial returns from Namibia's general election Friday, and his party headed toward increasing its two-thirds majority in Parliament. 
 U.S. troops in Iraq raided a Sunni Muslim mosque near the Syrian border in retaliation for its opposition to the Fallujah offensive, the mosque's cleric said Friday. 
 A suicide car bomber blew up his car Friday outside a police station in the central Iraqi town of Hillah but no casualties were reported, the police said. 
 A senior government minister on Friday urged President Askar Akayev to remain in office beyond 2005, signaling that his supporters might try to secure another term for him in violation of the constitution. 
 Albanian university professors said Friday they will start an indefinite strike next week seeking a 100 percent pay rise and better working conditions. 
 Anghel Iordanescu quit as coach of the Romanian national team Friday following an embarrassing 1-1 draw in Armenia in a Group 1 World Cup qualifier. 
 A Food and Drug Administration official said Friday "we categorically reject" accusations the agency has failed to protect the public against dangerous drugs. 
 Graham Henry and Steve Hansen spent years trying to turn around the fortunes of the Welsh national rugby team and make it capable of beating the likes of New Zealand. 
 German President Horst Koehler will travel to Poland to attend ceremonies marking 60 years since Soviet troops liberated the Nazis' Auschwitz death camp, his office said Friday. 
 German actor and director Helmut Griem, who starred in the Oscar-winning 1972 film "Cabaret," died Friday, a Munich theater said. He was 72. 
 In a Nov. 15 story about Italians learning English, The Associated Press incorrectly reported the percentage of Cypriots who speak English as a second language. The correct figure is 57 percent, not 27 percent. 
 Italy's Premier Silvio Berlusconi said Friday membership talks between the European Union and Turkey should start early next year. 
 India's main opposition Bharatiya Janata Party on Friday called a three-day nationwide strike to protest the arrest of a revered Hindu cleric in a murder case. 
 Players, coaches and referees will wear T-shirts emblazoned with the messages "No to violence" and "No to Racism" during this weekend's soccer matches in France. 
 Lawmakers and White House budget bargainers whittled their differences to a handful, fueling hopes Friday that Congress can speed an overdue $388 billion (euro298 billion) bill to President George W. Bush that finances most federal agencies. 
 The head of the U.N. welfare agency appealed Friday for funds to tackle rising economic hardship in the Palestinian territories, arguing that even a revival of the peace process following Yasser Arafat's death will fail to ease widespread poverty. 
 Business groups on Friday welcomed Sri Lanka's proposed budget for 2005, which balances wider taxation with populist spending and aid for the key garment industry ahead of the end of a preferential trade arrangement with the United States. 
 Four passengers and a crew member suffered minor injuries Friday when an Iberia commercial jetliner en route from Madrid to Mexico made an emergency landing at Lisbon's international airport, officials said. 
 A London 2012 Olympics would be a compact, athlete-friendly event offering good transport links, a multimillion dollar surplus and no white elephants, bid officials said Friday. 
 Africa could pull itself out of endemic poverty if its men were to treat women as equal partners in managing the continent's vast natural wealth and resources, the 2004 Nobel Peace laureate Wangari Maathai said Friday. 
 Belgian authorities reported no new leads Friday in their investigation of the shooting death of a British synagogue worker in Antwerp's Jewish neighborhood. 
 Hicks Muse Tate & Furst Inc. of Dallas said Friday that it has bought a majority stake in Jimmy Choo Ltd., the British-based luxury shoe label, in a deal valued at 101 million pounds (US$187 million, euro144 million). 
 One of Denmark's leading Muslim clerics on Friday condemned the slaying of a Dutch filmmaker, but said Theo van Gogh's film critical of Islam was unacceptable and provocative. 
 European Union governments Friday approved the European Parliament vote confirming the bloc's new executive team under Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso. 
 The Russian government on Friday reiterated its criticism of a planned meeting between a respected rights group and a Chechen rebel envoy, saying it could yield no positive result. 
 Pakistan will press ahead with talks to peacefully resolve the Kashmir dispute, Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz said Friday, days ahead of his first visit to India since taking office three months ago. 
 Iraqi commandos backed by U.S. forces raided a hospital in northern Mosul allegedly used by insurgents, detaining three people overnight, as Iraqi forces elsewhere in the city fought off militants, killing 15 and capturing 10 others, Iraqi officials and U.S. military said Friday. 
 The Russian government announced Friday that the heart of the Yukos oil empire will go on the auction block next month at a knockdown price to pay back a mounting multibillion-dollar tax bill _ a dramatic endgame to a relentless 18-month official probe that could destroy Russia's largest oil producer. 
 Relatives and friends of a Colombian politician held hostage by Marxist rebels in Colombia planted trees to mark her 1,000 days in captivity Friday and denounced the country's president for not doing enough to win her release. 
 Premier Silvio Berlusconi indicated Friday he might resign if his coalition partners don't fully back him on income tax cuts. 
 A top Indian official has criticized Washington's reported decision to sell US$1 billion in weapons to Pakistan, saying it could cast a shadow on New Delhi's relations with the United States as well as with Islamabad, the foreign ministry said Friday. 
 Strong winds swept through Austria on Friday, toppling several trucks and a minibus, killing one person, a news agency reported. 
 Romania's broadcasting watchdog admonished the state television station Friday for failing to intervene when a presidential candidate said the U.S. Embassy was "a nest of pedophiles." 
 Ukraine in facts and figures: 
 To Bill Clinton, the new presidential library jutting over the Arkansas River represents what he tried to do in the White House _ build bridges. To the average admirers who headed there Friday, the main attraction was the humor and humanity it displayed. 
 Turkish soldiers on Friday killed two suspected Kurdish rebels in a clash in predominantly Kurdish southeastern Turkey while an attack on a van carrying soldiers' relatives killed a woman and injured seven others, officials said. 
 The U.S. dollar sank to a 4 1/2 year low against the yen and flirted with a record low against the euro in European trading Friday after comments by U.S. Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan on America's trade gap and foreign demand for the greenback. 
 Serbia-Montenegro's minister for human rights on Friday convinced Serbs convicted of war crimes in Croatia to end a hunger strike they recently launched to demand transfer to Serbia. 
 Romania's broadcasting watchdog admonished the state television station Friday for failing to intervene when a presidential candidate said the U.S. Embassy was "a nest of pedophiles." 
 The Spanish soccer federation apologized Friday for the racist abuse aimed at England's black players during a game in Madrid. 
 Sudanese government and rebel officials again pledged to end a 21-year civil war in southern Sudan _ this time making the promise before the U.N. Security Council at a special meeting in Africa on Friday. 
 Serbia's pro-Western president accused its conservative prime minister Friday of refusing to take his calls, illustrating deep political divisions inside the troubled Balkan republic. 
 The dolphins deployed by the U.S. Navy last year to the Arabian Gulf region as underwater sentinels have been "valuable" in protecting coalition ships and piers against terrorist attacks, a Navy spokesmen said Friday. 
 Polish Prime Minister Marek Belka met with his Swedish counterpart Goeran Persson Friday to discuss bilateral trade and cooperation, along with European Union and international issues. 
 Portuguese police said Friday they seized 10 metric tons (11 tons) of hashish with an estimated street value of euro50 million (US$65 million) in an operation in southern Portugal. 
 The recording industry has filed copyright infringement lawsuits against 761 computer users, the latest round of litigation in the record companies' effort to stamp out unauthorized trading of music online. 
 Some 3,000 Lebanese students and activists defied the government Friday and demonstrated peacefully against Syria's domination of their country. 
 An actor died a week after suffering a heart attack on stage while playing a winged angel in a drama with Mikhail Baryshnikov. 
 Myanmar's military junta released at least 19 political prisoners on Friday, including pro-democracy party members, as part of a group of nearly 4,000 prisoners it said were wrongly charged by an intelligence agency. 
 Snow and high winds that brought down tree branches and electricity poles caused more than 700 road accidents in Poland on Friday, and the government urged people to stay home. 
 Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger said Friday that Ivory Coast international defender Emmanuel Eboue will join countryman Kolo Toure in the Gunners squad when the transfer window opens in January. 
 U.S troops arrested a representative of Muqtada al-Sadr on Friday near the holy city of Karbala _ the second arrest of the radical Shiite cleric's aides in two days, al-Sadr's office said. 
 The Colorado Rapids fired general manager Dan Counce, a week after dismissing head coach Tim Hankinson. 
 European stocks ended lower Friday, with pharmaceutical stocks leading the retreat after a U.S. Food and Drug Administration official raised concerns about five medications on the market. 
 Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates signed an agreement Friday with a Spanish association for the blind to develop better software for people with visual impairments. 
 A federal jury has convicted a physician for her role in illegally bringing a 14-year-old Nigerian girl into the United States and forcing her to work as an unpaid domestic servant. 
 As the latest version of Beaujolais Nouveau worked its way around the world, a hotel in the capital of communist Cuba bursted with French and Cuban revelers partaking in ritual tastings of the wine. 
 Offering a reprieve from the looming threat of sanctions, the United Nations will send a high-level mission to Myanmar to give its ruling military junta one last chance to show willingness to eliminate forced labor, the world body's labor agency said Friday. 
 A Briton who manufactured bogus Viagra and the tranquilizer diazepam and sold it internationally was sentenced Friday to 5 1/2 years in prison. 
 Serbian basketball player Milan Gurovic, recently banned from entering Croatia because of a controversial tattoo on his arm, should cover the body art in order to play, a regional league official said. 
 Stocks fell substantially Friday as Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan sounded a warning over the spiraling U.S. trade deficit. Rising oil prices also raised fresh worries about energy costs heading into winter. 
 Four Romanian citizens were killed and four others seriously injured Friday in a car crash in western Hungary, police said. 
 Pakistan's prime minister invited opposition groups on Friday to hold talks on key national issues, but ruled out any debate over President Gen. Pervez Musharraf's apparent backtracking on a pledge to step down as army chief before the end of this year. 
 Bulgarian prosecutors are investigating British journalists for using "illegal means of surveillance" to implicate the country's top Olympic official in bid-city corruption. 
 Share prices on the London Stock Exchange fell 0.9 percent Friday. 
 A state appeals court overturned Friday a $8.2 million (euro6.3 million) verdict against the automaking giant General Motors Corp. awarded to a paralyzed man who claimed his seat belt failed during a traffic accident. 
 EMI Group PLC, one of the world's "big three" music companies, reported a fall in sales and a net loss for the first half of its fiscal year Friday, but said it expected an improvement in the second half when its album release schedule kicks in. 
 Lawmakers and White House budget bargainers whittled their differences to a handful, fueling hopes Friday that Congress can speed an overdue $388 billion (euro298 billion) bill to President George W. Bush that finances most federal agencies. 
 The Russian government will sell its stake at the nation's largest steel mill, Magnitogorsk Iron & Steel Works, at an open auction next month, the Russian Federal Property Fund said Friday. 
 From David Beckham to Roger Moore to Tony Blair, London is rolling out the big names to promote its campaign for the 2012 Olympics. 
 Shares in pharmaceutical giants AstraZeneca PLC and GlaxoSmithKline PLC tumbled Friday after a U.S. safety official raised concerns over key drugs sold by the companies. 
 This season is the 50th anniversary of Chelsea's only league title triumph. 
 Croatia's defense minister confirmed Friday that the government had signed a deal that would grant wide rights for U.S. troops to use the Balkan country's air space, territorial waters and training facilities. 
 Which Wayne Rooney will show up for Manchester United's game against Charlton on Saturday? 
 Viktor Yushchenko, the opposition candidate in Sunday's presidential vote, is seen by his supporters as Ukraine's best hope for genuine democracy _ and by his foes as a man who wants to undemocratically seize power by stirring up unrest. 
 A French investigating judge on Friday began legal action against six alleged members of a secretive Corsican group that has claimed responsibility for bomb attacks targeting north Africans on the Mediterranean island, judicial officials said. 
 Supporters of Viktor Yanukovych's presidential bid say his two years as prime minister have brought Ukraine soaring economic growth and maintained the country's relations with both Russia and the West. 
 Middle East states and the powerful G-8 nations are urging the international community to help protect United Nations personnel in Iraq ahead of January elections to be supervised by the world body, according to a draft of the final statement of a global conference scheduled in Egypt next week. 
 Soccer's European body UEFA on Friday increased fines imposed on Sparta Prague and Seville for racist incidents. 
 More than 12 million American families last year, about the same as in 2002, either didn't have enough food or worried about being able to feed everyone, the government reported Friday. 
 Mexico President Vicente Fox and opposition politicians appeared to reach the most critical impasse yet in long-troubled relations Friday as the chief executive pledged to legally challenge the 2005 budget approved by Congress. 
 A French politician serving as the European Union's new transport commissioner received a suspended sentence in 2000 for his role in a party funding scandal but was pardoned and now has a "clean record," an EU spokesman said Friday. 
 Congress on Friday blocked state and local governments from taxing connections that link consumers to the Internet for the next three years. 
 A new show of 73 African masks and sculptures claims boldly to fulfill the standards of beauty in the west as well as those in Africa. 
 Britain's Prince Edward toured areas battered by Hurricane Ivan on Friday while Grenada's prime minister appealed for more aid, saying the disaster had reversed expectations of economic growth in the Caribbean country. 
 Former Rangers and Everton manager Walter Smith appears favorite to succeed Berti Vogts as Scotland coach after meeting Scottish Football Association officials for talks on Friday. 
 A witness in the trial of an 87-year-old Nazi-era soldier accused of killing civilians in Slovakia testified Friday she could not recall him being at the scene when the rest of her family was shot. 
 Prince William would want to fight on the front line if he were in the army, but he's not sure that he'll join up, he said in an interview with British media. 
 Ukrainian voters face an array of tensions in the weekend presidential runoff _ whether the victor will be a Western-inclined reformer or a Kremlin favorite, and whether unrest will break out if the vote count is alleged to be fraudulent. 
 Cy Coleman, composer of the Broadway musicals "Sweet Charity" and "City of Angels" as well as such pop standards as "Witchcraft" and "The Best Is Yet to Come," has died of heart failure. He was 75. 
 Aid organizations hindered by security fears from working in Iraq Friday mourned another slain colleague and regretted the departure of the last Australian charity working there. 
 European officials are increasingly alarmed by the U.S. dollar's slump against the euro _ but they aren't likely to get help from the United States or Asian countries at the G-20 meeting of industrial and developing countries. 
 Thousands of red locusts swarmed into southern Israel on Friday, threatening the region's agriculture with a biblical-like plague. 
 U.S. figure skating champion Johnny Weir scored a personal best to take the lead in the short program and Olympic bronze medalist Tim Goebel withdrew at the Trophee Bompard on Friday. 
 Defeated in Parliament, activists went to court Friday seeking to overturn a ban on fox hunting, an English tradition that's more than 300 years old. 
 Mexico's Nobel Prize-winning chemist Mario Molina said Friday that despite recent measures scientists still don't have evidence that the ozone layer is recovering. 
 Health ministers gathered for a global summit here have learned that funding problems, treatment inequities and the crippling cost of catastrophic care to the uninsured are not confined to the poorest corners of the world, Mexico's Health Secretary said Friday. 
 At least 25,000 protesters marched through downtown Santiago Friday, expressing outrage at a weekend summit of Pacific Rim leaders _ particularly U.S. President George W. Bush. 
 Defense lawyers requested the acquittal of the Juventus chairman and a team doctor on Friday, arguing there was no evidence that club players were administered banned substances. 
 The Palestinian prime minister urged the United States on Friday to stick to its original 2005 deadline for Palestinian statehood, arguing that the four-year time frame suggested by U.S. President George W. Bush will give Israel time to grab more land in the disputed West Bank. 
 Iraqi forces backed by U.S. soldiers raided one of the country's most important Sunni mosques Friday, killing at least three people and arresting 40 others in a crackdown on militant clerics opposed to the U.S.-led attack on Fallujah. 
 At least six NATO allies are refusing to send military instructors to help the United States train Iraqi officers, another impediment in the Bush administration's drive for support for its effort to pacify Iraq. 
 A six-story atrium forms the spectacular core of the newly designed Museum of Modern Art, drawing light into the sleek structure and providing breathtaking views from the museum's balconies and sky bridges. 
 Former crematory operator Ray Brent Marsh pleaded guilty Friday to dumping 334 bodies and giving the families of the deceased cement dust instead of ashes. 
 Defense lawyers on Friday appealed the convictions of two police officers charged in the 1996 massacre of 19 farmworkers in the Amazon rain forest. 
 Olympic champion Roland Schoeman won two races Friday, including the 100-meter freestyle in an African record time, to open swimming's World Cup season at the King's Park Aquatic Center. 
 An American businessman has turned himself in to face fraud charges in a corruption case involving the construction of Trinidad's new airport, police said Friday. 
 Reporters would not be forced to reveal their sources, and their notes, photographs and other material would be protected from government eyes under a bill introduced Friday. 
 In a candid interview with his time in office running out, Secretary of State Colin Powell is acknowledging differences with others in the Bush administration and suggesting that the disputes centered on his preference for diplomacy over force to resolve problems. 
 Winky Wright toiled for years in boxing's minor leagues, patiently waiting for his big chance. Even when he won a piece of the super welterweight title, not many in the sport paid much attention. 
 Cy Coleman, composer of the Broadway musicals "Sweet Charity" and "City of Angels" as well as such pop standards as "Witchcraft" and "The Best Is Yet to Come," has died of heart failure. He was 75. 
 A Russian seaman has died in an accident on board a Russian nuclear submarine at a Pacific base, a navy spokesman said Friday. 
 Police say they will file murder charges against Sao Caetano club officials for the death of defender Serginho, who collapsed on the field and died of heart failure last month. 
 Condoleezza Rice, President George W. Bush's choice to be the next secretary of state, underwent surgery Friday to treat noncancerous growths in her uterus, a White House official said. 
 Federal agents have captured a Guatemalan who controls key people-smuggling routes from Central America into southern Chiapas state, an important stop on the illicit route into U.S. territory, the Attorney General's office said Friday. 
 A court in Azerbaijan on Friday upheld the sentences of seven opposition leaders convicted of participating in protests over last year's presidential election in the former Soviet republic. 
 Investors continued to bet Friday that most PeopleSoft Inc. shareholders will back Oracle Corp.'s $9.2 billion (euro7.07 billion) takeover bid for its bitter rival, further extending a bruising battle that already has dragged on for more than 17 months. 
 Crude oil futures prices soared more than $2 a barrel to settle above $48 on Friday, as concerns about tight winter fuel supplies mixed with speculation that OPEC may scale back output later this year. 
 Gold for current delivery closed at $446.80 per troy ounce Friday on the New York Mercantile Exchange, up from $442.60 late Thursday. 
 The stock market closed. 
 The decision to eliminate immigration and customs controls between Central American nations will make it easier for drug traffickers to move narcotics through the region, a top U.S. drug enforcement agent told The Associated Press. 
 When Mohamed Alanssi set himself on fire in a suicide attempt in front of the White House this week, he blew his cover as an FBI informant and opened a window on how the government is fighting the war on terror. 
 Gale-force winds and driving rain caused havoc in Serbia on Friday, damaging roofs, leaving thousands without power and hampering traffic. 
 The last time France tried winning nine tests in a row, Les Bleus were stopped by Los Pumas. 
 Myanmar's military junta released at least 19 political prisoners on Friday, including pro-democracy party members, as part of a group of nearly 4,000 prisoners it said were wrongly charged by an intelligence agency. 
 A graduate student was convicted Friday of setting fire to dozens of sport utility vehicles in an attack by radical environmentalists that caused $2.3 million (euro1.8 million) in damage. 
 Eastman Kodak Co. is nipping at Sony Corp.'s heels in the ballooning U.S. digital camera market. 
 Nicaragua's defense minister criticized Friday a law that would require the president to seek congressional approval before destroying hundreds of Sam-7 surface-to-air missiles, as the United States has asked. 
 Lawmakers agreed Friday to provide enough money to keep alive plans for a nuclear waste dump in Nevada, but they delayed trying to resolve a dispute over radiation protection that could doom the project if not resolved. 
 Brazil and Russia will sign a memorandum of understanding on space cooperation when Russian President Vladimir Putin visits Latin America's largest country next week, a high-ranking Brazilian official said on Friday. 
 Graham Henry and Steve Hansen spent years trying to turn around the fortunes of the Welsh national rugby team and make it capable of beating the likes of New Zealand. 
 Police used tear gas to disperse some 300 female fans of an internationally acclaimed talk show host as she arrived Friday to face trial on charges she took bribes to support ex-President Alberto Fujimori's fraud-filled re-election campaign. 
 A customer survived a gunman's deadly rampage inside a Radio Shack store by dropping to the ground and then prayed aloud as the moans of his victims echoed around her, tapes of her call to emergency services showed Friday. 
 A truck driver gave a panhandler $1 (euro0.77), then struck and killed the man as he drove away. Police said it was possible the driver did not know what happened. 
 The candidate for Mexico's ruling party has won the governor's race in the central Mexican state of Tlaxcala, state election officials announced Friday. 
 Stocks fell sharply Friday, with the Dow Jones Industrials losing more than 115 points, as Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan sounded a warning over the nation's spiraling trade deficit. Crude oil futures rose more than $2 per barrel, further pressuring stocks. 
 Yasser Arafat's widow visited the hospital where he died and retrieved his widely sought medical records on Friday, and was deciding whether to release the information publicly, her lawyer said. 
 Stelios Haji-Ioannou, the founder and chairman of easyJet PLC, has ruled out selling his stake in the budget airline to Icelandair Group or taking it private, according to a letter publicized Friday. 
 U.S. figure skating champion Johnny Weir scored a personal best to take the lead in the short program and Olympic bronze medalist Tim Goebel withdrew at the Trophee Bompard on Friday. 
 Just when it looked like a bad day was about to get worse, Annika Sorenstam turned a good break into a birdie that changed everything in the season-ending ADT Championship on Friday. 
 Crude-oil futures shot above $48 a barrel Friday, posting their biggest single-day gain since early June, as winter supply concerns mounted. 
 Authorities dropped an assault charge filed against the lead singer of Australian rock band The Vines after his lawyers said he has Asperger's syndrome, according to reports Saturday. 
 Five men accussed of working together as assassins for a major Mexican drug trafficking organization were captured in this northern border city Friday in connection with at least seven homicides and five kidnappings, state prosecutors announced. 
 The car cover was wrapped tightly around the No. 48 Chevrolet, its driver and crew long gone for the day. All around the garage, teams worked feverishly on their cars, but Jimmie Johnson was nowhere to be found. 
 Angered at Secretary-General Kofi Annan's dismissal of allegations against the U.N.'s top investigator, union leaders representating over 5,000 U.N. employees called Friday for a copy of the report that cleared him and expressed a lack of confidence in senior U.N. management. 
 A rapper surrendered Friday to face allegations that he stabbed a man who had punched hip-hop superstar Dr. Dre during the taping of a music awards show, authorities said. 
 Britain's Prince Edward toured areas battered by Hurricane Ivan on Friday as Grenada's prime minister appealed for more aid, saying the disaster had reversed expectations of economic growth in the Caribbean country. 
 Mexico and Cuba are exploring new ways to discuss the prickly issue of human rights without creating political blowups, a Mexican official said Friday. 
 Commanders in Iraq probably will expand their troops by several thousand as the January elections approach, the No. 2 commander of U.S. forces in the Middle East said Friday. 
 CD Chivas USA selected Los Angeles Galaxy forward Arturo Torres as the first player in Friday's Major League Soccer Expansion draft, one four Hispanic players chosen by Mexican-owned club with its opening five picks. 
 The New York television station WNET has rejected a promotion for "Kinsey," a film that has triggered protests among some conservative groups, because it is too provocative, the station said on Friday. 
 President Hugo Chavez's spokesman on Friday accused "terrorists" training in the United States of being behind the assassination of a state attorney who intended to prosecute backers of Venezuela's 2002 coup. 
 The United States and other opponents of human cloning shelved their bid Friday for a U.N. treaty to ban the controversial procedure, unable to overcome opposition by nations seeking to allow cloning for embryonic stem cell research. 
 St. Vincent's prime minister urged more Caribbean governments to help LIAT airlines emerge from its financial crisis, saying the carrier was vital to the region's transportation network. 
 A bankruptcy judge gave United Airlines, America's second largest carrier, more time Friday to negotiate with its unions on more labor concessions. 
 Former Salvadoran President Francisco Flores won a major battle Friday in his campaign for leadership of the Organization of American States by winning the backing of Central American countries. 
 Englishmen Paul Casey and Luke Donald surged to a five-stroke lead in the second round of the team World Cup, shooting an 8-under-par 64 for a two-round total of 19-under 125 on Friday. 
 Andy Roddick pounded 15 aces to become the first player since 1998 with more than 1,000 in a season, helping him beat Guillermo Coria 7-6 (4), 6-3 to wrap up round-robin play at the ATP Masters Cup with a 3-0 record on Friday. 
 Cuba and Panama agreed on Friday to restore consular relations on the sidelines of a 21-nation summit meant to promote education. 
 Today is Sunday, November 27, the 331st day of 2004. There are 34 days left in the year. 
 A prisoner who allegedly spent two months traveling with al-Qaida chief Osama bin Laden and helped run a safehouse for the terrorist network refused Friday to attend a hearing on his legal status in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
 One of two 13-year-old girls accused of serving poisoned cake to classmates was allowed to go home Friday, but a judge ordered the other girl to remain in custody while she awaits trial. 
 John Kerry conceded defeat more than two weeks ago, and President George W. Bush has already revamped his Cabinet. But as states certify final election returns, an academic debate over their accuracy is heating up. 
 Mexican stocks beat a retreat Friday, ending down sharply as investors took profits, encouraged by losses in U.S. markets. 
 European Union justice and interior ministers agreed to demand that immigrants learn the local language and adhere to "European values" as part of a set of "basic principles" to guide them toward better integration. 
 Driven by voracious Asian demand, Brazilian and Argentine farmers are scrambling to plant as much soy as they can while Chilean mine workers rack up overtime burrowing into the earth for copper. 
 In a prime-time television outburst, former U.S. President Bill Clinton attacked old nemesis Kenneth Starr and spoke disdainfully of a national media that he suggested was complicit in a scheme to ruin his presidency. 
 U.N. peacekeepers and the World Food Program will launch emergency airlifts of food on Saturday for thousands of refugees flooding into Liberia to escape what they say are growing clashes in Ivory Coast. 
 Swollen trade deficits eventually could threaten the economy by souring foreign appetites to invest in the United States, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan warned. The dollar, already sliding, took another nosedive after his remarks. 
 European officials are increasingly alarmed by the U.S. dollar's slump against the euro _ but they aren't likely to get help from the United States or Asian countries at the G-20 meeting of industrial and developing countries. 
 The federal government's latest attempt to improve security checks of airline passengers is prompting privacy concerns here and abroad. 
 A high court judge who took a tough stand against Tamil Tiger rebels was fatally shot outside his home in Sri Lanka's capital, as the government questioned the guerrillas' commitment to efforts to end the island's civil war. 
 An 86-year-old man was found guilty Friday of attempting to travel to the Philippines to sexually molest girls, in violation of a new federal law aimed at fighting sex tourism. 
 A judge Friday ordered the release of 10 former government officials arrested on suspicion of embezzling US$33 million from a state program that helped taxi and bus drivers buy new vehicles. 
 The Bush administration is building a case against Iran with disclosures of a covert nuclear weapons program that carry echoes of the run-up to the war with Iraq. 
 West Indies cricket administrators and player representatives finished almost 18 hours of talks over a contract dispute on Friday without a resolution or public comment. 
 Raising doubts about its commitment to dispel international distrust, Iran is producing significant quantities of a gas that can be used to make nuclear arms just days before it must stop all work related to uranium enrichment, diplomats said. 
 China and New Zealand will move toward signing a free trade agreement after the two nations successfully concluded a feasibility study on such an accord, a senior Chinese official said. 
 Insurgents reeling from the loss of their base in Fallujah have struck back with car bombings and a rocket attack on the Green Zone as a U.S. official admitted that security in some areas was deteriorating so badly that "it would now be difficult" to hold elections there. 
 About 25,000 protesters opposed to U.S. President George W. Bush, the war in Iraq and unfettered capitalism marched through the Chilean capital just before the American president arrived for a summit of Pacific Rim leaders. 
 Yasser Arafat's widow took possession of his widely sought medical records, and was deciding whether to release the information publicly, her lawyer said. 
 U.S. President George W. Bush is trying to build international pressure on North Korea to return to high-stakes nuclear talks at the same time he reassures Asian leaders about the tough U.S. approach. 
 The founder of the Bay Area Laboratory Co-Operative alleged the government fabricated statements that suggested he provided steroids to top athletes, including baseball star Barry Bonds, according to federal court documents filed on Friday. 
 When U.S. President George W. Bush comes to Colombia on Monday to discuss the future of the U.S.-funded war on drugs, he will find one of his last conservative allies in South America. 
 After years of relative calm on the inflation front, Americans are being battered by high gasoline costs, rising food prices and higher medical bills. And there are fears that price pressures could worsen in 2005. 
 Britain's Prince Edwards wrapped up a Caribbean tour Saturday with a visit to a tropical forest and a colonial-era military signal tower in Barbados. 
 Lille rallied to draw 1-1 at Lens on Saturday, missing a chance to close in on French first division leader Lyon. 
 Environmentalists urged Antigua's government Saturday to close a dolphin park, saying contamination could be harming nine dolphins and surrounding businesses. 
 Britain's Prince Edward wrapped up a Caribbean tour Saturday with a visit to a tropical forest and a colonial-era military signal tower in Barbados. 
 Kurt Busch has been doing everything right in his bid for his first Nextel Cup championship. He now has one big hurdle to clear entering Sunday's Ford 400. 
 A 9-year-old Spanish girl won the second annual Junior Eurovision Song Contest on Saturday. 
 Peru will begin negotiating an agreement with China next year that could eventually lead to a free trade deal, Peruvian President Alejandro Toledo said Saturday. 
 The United States has strengthened international resolve for diplomatic efforts to curb the nuclear ambitions of North Korea and Iran, U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell said Saturday after meetings at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit. 
 Fred Couples and Tom Watson led the comeback, and the American team moved out to a 6 1/2-5 1/2 lead over an international team after Saturday's best-ball competition at the $3 million UBS Cup. 
 In a defeat for President George W. Bush, rebellious House Republicans on Saturday derailed legislation to overhaul U.S. intelligence agencies along lines recommended by the Sept. 11 commission. 
 Insurgents still holding out in Fallujah are running low on ammunition and many of them are seriously wounded, Al-Arabiya television reported Saturday from the outskirts of the city. 
 In a defeat for President George W. Bush, rebellious House Republicans on Saturday derailed legislation to overhaul U.S. intelligence agencies along lines recommended by the Sept. 11 commission. 
 Hernan Crespo scored his first goal of the season and Clarence Seedorf added another Saturday to lead AC Milan to a 2-1 Italian Cup victory over Palermo. 
 Annika Sorenstam lost her three-shot lead in five holes Saturday, then had to make three birdies over the final six holes to salvage an even-par 72 and take a one-shot lead into the final round of the LPGA season-ending ADT Championship. 
 U.S. Marines and Iraqi National Guardsmen captured 18 suspected insurgents Saturday and seized weapons and munitions during raids south of Baghdad, the U.S. military reported. 
 City officials are considering charging grocery stores 17 cents each for grocery bags to discourage use of plastic sacks. 
 U.S. military review tribunals have ordered five more prisoners to remain held as enemy combatants in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, a Navy official said Saturday. 
 A powerful early-morning earthquake shook presidents and prime ministers from their beds on Saturday while damaging houses and frightening several people into heart attacks. 
 Johnny Weir of the United States won the Trophee Bompard with 208.10 points on Saturday despite a victory in the free skate by European champion Brian Joubert of France. 
 The Golden State Warriors activated French guard Mickael Pietrus and placed Latvian rookie forward Andris Biedrins on the injured list Saturday with a strained left hamstring. 
 Peruvian President Alejandro Toledo on Saturday said he will await a ruling by the Inter-American Human Rights Court before deciding what to do about a New York woman serving a 20-year sentence in Peru for collaborating with Marxist guerillas. 
 U.S. President George W. Bush reiterated his opposition to independence for Taiwan in a meeting with Chinese President Hu Jintao. 
 Cuban slugger Omar Linares said his three seasons spent playing baseball in Japan were exciting but also mentally exhausting. 
 Today is Sunday, November 28, the 332nd day of 2004. There are 33 days left in the year. 
 Burning incense fogs the humid pre-dawn air as people gather at a Chinese shrine for Phuket's annual Vegetarian Festival, which despite its benign name is a gruesome ritual. 
 El-Takfir wa el-Hijra's seminal concept was as a survivalist-style band in the 1960s that withdrew to the Egyptian desert to try to recreate conditions during the time of the Prophet Muhammad in the 7th century. It later took on a political character under the Muslim Brotherhood, a group that opposed the nationalist government of Gamal Abdel Nasser. 
 U.S. President George W. Bush will start a process to lift a U.S. ban on Canadian beef imports, Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin announced. 
 Terry Melcher, a record producer and songwriter who aided the careers of Ry Cooder, the Byrds and the Beach Boys, has died, his publicist announced Saturday. He was 62. 
 The prosecution in Michael Jackson's child molestation case has accused the defense of abusing the judicial process with sweeping demands for medical records of the alleged victim and his family, including gynecological records for his mother and information on his 3-month-old brother. 
 Fifteen African leaders _ including the head of every country in central Africa's Great Lakes area _ signed an agreement aimed at ending the cycle of war and dictatorship in the region. 
 Ukrainians on Sunday were choosing between a Western-leaning reformer and the Kremlin-praised prime minister in a presidential runoff election that many fear will erupt into unrest and violence. 
 Pacific Rim leaders kicked off a two-day summit with talks on beefing up global security efforts, eliminating nuclear threats from North Korea and Iran and solving regional economic problems. 
 President George W. Bush stepped into the middle of a confrontation and pulled his lead Secret Service agent away from Chilean security officials who barred his bodyguards from entering an elegant dinner for 21 world leaders Saturday night. 
 In a defeat for President George W. Bush, rebellious House Republicans derailed legislation to overhaul the nation's intelligence agencies along lines recommended by the Sept. 11 commission. 
 A federal court and Puerto Rico's Supreme Court and both ordered election authorities Saturday to begin an immediate vote-by-vote re-count of the extremely tight Nov. 2 gubernatorial elections. 
 A federal court and Puerto Rico's Supreme Court both ordered election authorities to begin an immediate vote-by-vote re-count of the extremely tight Nov. 2 gubernatorial elections. 
 When leaders of the 21 Pacific Rim economies gather for their group photograph on Sunday, they will don colorful, handmade Chilean ponchos. 
 PeopleSoft Inc.'s board of directors said it rejected Oracle Corp.'s $9.2 billion (euro7.2 billion) takeover bid, continuing its staunch resistance a day after the company's own shareholders tendered more than 60 percent of stock to Oracle. 
 Insurgents battled American troops in the streets of Baghdad, killing a U.S. soldier in an ambush and gunning down four government employees in signals that the guerrillas remain a potent force despite the fall of their stronghold of Fallujah. Nine Iraqis also died in fighting west of the capital. 
 Congress made it a little easier for hospitals, insurers and others to refuse to provide or cover abortions. 
 Congress passed legislation giving two committee chairman and their assistants access to income tax returns without regard to privacy protections, but not before embarrassed Republicans said it was all a mistake and would be swiftly repealed. 
 The United States will spend $93 million (euro71 million) next month on the humanitarian crisis in Sudan's Darfur region and nearly $400 million (euro307 million) over the next 10 months in Africa's largest country. 
 A Vietnamese refugee who fled through the jungles of Southeast Asia but died in the deserts of Iraq was buried with military honors. 
 A federal court and Puerto Rico's Supreme Court on Saturday and both ordered an immediate recount of the extremely tight Nov. 2 gubernatorial elections. 
 A federal court and Puerto Rico's Supreme Court on Saturday both ordered an immediate recount of the extremely tight Nov. 2 gubernatorial elections. 
 Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez reshuffled key members of his government, naming as foreign minister the current head of Venezuela's state-owned oil company and handing the oil minister the helm of the company. 
 Malaysian police are investigating whether government officials are helping syndicates involved in human smuggling, after several traffickers and their foreign victims were mysteriously released from detention, a newspaper said Sunday. 
 Chinese rescuers were struggling Sunday to find 79 miners trapped by a fire in a complex of iron mines, state media reported. 
 Glenn McGrath tormented New Zealand with bat and ball and Shane Warne took four wickets Sunday as Australia won by an innings and 156 runs to take a 1-0 lead in the two-test cricket series. 
 Republicans whisked a $388 billion (euro298 billion) spending bill through Congress on Saturday, a mammoth measure that underscores the dominance of deficit politics by curbing dollars for everything from education to environmental cleanups. 
 A passenger plane carrying 53 people crashed Sunday in a lake in northern China immediately after takeoff, killing all aboard, the government said. 
 The wife of an Indonesian human rights activist who was fatally poisoned was sent a dismembered chicken with a death threat warning her not to publicly blame the military for her husband's death, media reports said Sunday. 
 Facing nuclear challenges on two fronts, U.S. President George W. Bush warned that Iran's suspected weapons program is "a very serious matter," and he stood united with leaders of Asia and Russia in demanding North Korea's return to stalled disarmament talks. 
 Ireland should legalize civil partnerships between unmarried couples, including homosexuals, but not pursue full-fledged "gay marriage," Justice Minister Michael McDowell said Saturday in his first major policy speech on the matter. 
 Prince William supported the oft-criticized behavior of his brother, Prince Harry, and also stuck up for his dad, Prince Charles, in a rare interview with the British media published Saturday. 
 Pakistani Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz was scheduled to arrive in Sri Lanka on Sunday as part of a regional tour to include talks in India to promote peaceful relations between the bitter rivals, news reports said. 
 Shane Mosley made the rematch closer, while Winky Wright made sure the result was the same. 
 Freed from Yasser Arafat's one-man rule, Palestinians say they are eager and able to build the first real democracy in the Arab world, despite the dangers lurking on the road to Jan. 9 elections. 
 A brief list of possible contenders for Palestinian Authority president. Some have only said they are considering a bid and none have formally announced yet since the period for registering as a candidate begins only this weekend. 
 Outpolled, outmaneuvered and out of power, Democrats are suffering an identity crisis. 
 A pair of homemade bombs exploded on two parallel railway lines in southern Pakistan, disrupting trains but injuring no one, police said Sunday. 
 Glenn McGrath tormented New Zealand with bat and ball, and Shane Warne took four wickets Sunday as Australia secured a win by an innings and 156 runs to take a 1-0 lead in the two-test cricket series. 
 Glenn McGrath copped so much flack from his Australian teammates about his wicket tally catching up with his runs compiled in test cricket that he once considered switching to a left-handed stance to see if it would help his batting. 
 Pakistani Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz was scheduled to arrive in Sri Lanka on Sunday as part of a regional tour to include talks in India to promote peaceful relations between the bitter rivals. 
 Israeli troops shot and killed a Palestinian militant Sunday who tried to attack a Gaza road frequented by Jewish settlers, the Israeli army and Islamic Jihad said. 
 Adam Gilchrist and Craig McMillan's verbal stoush Sunday, when the Australians appealed for a caught behind decision and the New Zealand batsman refused to walk, has further exposed a raw nerve in cricket. 
 Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Sunday invited separatist groups in India's insurgency-ridden northeast to give up violence and start talks on ending more than two decades of strife in the region. 
 Authorities are investigating whether a suspect in the kidnapping of three U.N. workers was tortured before he died in police custody, an official said Sunday. 
 A group that promotes AIDS awareness blasted a Singapore law that prohibits gay sex, saying it impedes efforts to educate homosexuals about the dangers of HIV transmission through unsafe sex. 
 A suicide car bomber attempted to kill the police chief of Hillah by ramming his car into Gen. Qais Abdullah's vehicle, police said Sunday. 
 A fire raged through a crowded downtown Dhaka market on Sunday, gutting nearly 1,800 bamboo and tin shops, killing at least one person and injuring nearly 15 others, a fire official said. 
 Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt has summoned the Congolese ambassador to a meeting Monday after Congolese President Joseph Kabila refused to meet with Belgium's foreign minister, the second diplomatic incident in as many months. 
 A Bahraini human rights activist was convicted of inciting hatred of the government and spreading false information and sentenced to one year in prison Sunday in a case linked to his criticism of the prime minister. 
 Indonesian troops shot and killed five alleged separatist rebels _ four of whom were unarmed _ in the oil-and gas-rich province of Aceh, a military spokesman said Sunday. 
 A proposal to build a mosque in a Hong Kong suburb has raised concerns among residents _ and accusations of prejudice in the territory, where Muslims are a minority. 
 A joint operation by Iraqi police and National Guards in Baghdad and central Babil province will be launched this week against insurgents operating in a belt of cities south of the capital, police said Sunday. 
 Tiger Woods won his first tournament since February on Sunday and is convinced the changes he made to his golf swing are starting to pay off. 
 Grand champion Asashoryu forced out Kotonowaka on Sunday to remain unbeaten and in sole possession of the lead after the eighth day of the Kyushu Grand Sumo Tournament. 
 Italy's Bruna Genovese came from behind Sunday to win the Tokyo Women's International Marathon. 
 Northern Egypt to Tunisia will be cool on Monday while a few showers may linger over northeastern Egypt. 
 Chinese shuttlers swept to victory Sunday in the women's singles and doubles finals of the Singapore Badminton Open on 
 Peter Lonard finetuned for his defense of the Australian Open title with a two-stroke victory Sunday at the New South Wales Open. 
 Barcelona coach Frank Rijkaard urged caution following an emphatic 3-0 victory over Real Madrid, maintaining the Spanish league title race is still far from decided. 
 Iraq's Electoral Commission said Sunday that national elections will be held Jan. 30. 
 U.S. forces conducted a raid to capture a "high value target" associated with Jordanian terrorist Abu Musab al-Zarqawi in an area northwest of Baghdad and detained three people, a U.S. spokesman said Sunday. 
 A key ally of Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi said Sunday he opposes major changes to Japan's ban on exports of weapons because it could rapidly transform the country into a global arms supplier. 
 An explosion Sunday near a Shiite mosque in the central Iraqi city of Kufa injured one person, an officer said. A subsequent raid of the mosque grounds netted a weapons cache believed to belong to a Shiite militia. 
 A summit of finance officials in Berlin issued a call Sunday for more flexible exchange rate practices in Asia, a step European officials think would take some of the upward pressure off a rapidly rising euro. 
 Myanmar's most prominent student dissident, just released from more than 15 years in jail, says he is anxious to learn about his country's situation after his long period of isolation. 
 Maoist rebels and army soldiers clashed overnight in western Nepal, leaving 26 dead in the latest flare-up in the communist insurgency in the Himalayan kingdom, officials said Sunday. 
 Pakistani Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz met with Sri Lankan President Chandrika Kumaratunga on Sunday as part of a South Asia tour that will also take him to India for talks on the Kashmir dispute. 
 Russian authorities have searched the homes of dozens of managers working for the embattled Yukos oil company in what one board member described as a massive campaign reminiscent of the Stalinist purges, a news agency reported Sunday. 
 Prince Charles, who was lambasted by the media and a government lawmaker for a memo in which he derided people who aspire to lofty goals beyond their natural talent, said on Sunday that he had been misinterpreted. 
 Opener Andrew Hall and rookie Zander de Bruyn smothered India's spin attack Sunday to put South Africa in command of the first test match. 
 Hundreds of Indian Sikhs arrived in Pakistan on Sunday to commemorate the 535th anniversary of the birth of the founder of their religion, officials said. 
 A ship commander was arrested on charges of stealing more than 600 tons of steel, which he allegedly intended to export by using false documents, authorities said Sunday. 
 Iran said nuclear missiles are not a part of its defense policies and that such weapons "could not be hidden in today's world", one day before it was to suspend nuclear enrichment activities as part of an agreement it reached with European countries. 
 European Union defense ministers meeting on Monday are expected to commit to expanding plans for elite battlegroups to be deployed rapidly to international trouble spots. 
 Frenchman Alexandre Premat won the 51st Macau Grand Prix on Sunday after a series of accidents forced an early end to the Formula Three race. 
 An army officer was badly injured by a land mine at a home in a restive Pakistani tribal region on Sunday, as troops continued a weapons search that has netted 1,700 kilograms (3,740 pounds) of explosives and large quantities of arms and ammunition, the army said. 
 Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson says he doesn't want the club to be taken over by American businessman Malcolm Glazer. 
 Gunmen shot two men in a smoke shop and a third while he read a newspaper in his car in separate attacks Sunday in neighboring towns, as a crime clan's turf war continues to bloody the Naples area, state TV said. 
 Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe has said that he would like to see a woman one of the country's two vice presidential posts, state radio reported Sunday. 
 Axel Teichmann's strong finish helped Germany win the men's World Cup cross country ski relay Sunday while Norway, anchored by Marit Bjorgen, took the women's event. 
 European Union farm ministers meet Monday to discuss urgently needed reform of their sugar sector, which has been criticized for impeding fair trade and hurting the economies of developing nations while providing poor service for European consumers. 
 A criminal court convicted the Al-Taleea weekly newspaper of libeling the head of a Gulf alliance and ordered it to pay a fine, said the attorney representing the secretary general of the Gulf Cooperation Council. 
 Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin expressed his "revulsion" Sunday at an increase in anti-Semitic and other hate crimes in France as he marked the 60th anniversary of the liberation of this eastern French city from Hitler's troops. 
 Swarms of locusts that arrived from Egypt to southern Israel devoured lawns and palm trees on Sunday, causing a panic among farmers and children who wondered when the next biblical plague would strike. 
 Sweden striker Henrik Larsson is expected to be sidelined for six weeks with a left knee injury, FC Barcelona said Sunday. 
 Germany beat Nigeria 5-4 on a penalty shootout after ending regulation time drawn 1-1 Sunday to advance to the FIFA Under-19 Women's World Championship semifinals. 
 An elaborate state dinner Sunday night for President George W. Bush was scrapped after U.S. and Chilean officials failed to agree on security measures at the presidential palace, Chilean media reported. 
 German prosecutors said Sunday they are investigating 18 army officers for the alleged abuse of recruits, some of whom reportedly claim to have been tied up and subjected to electric shocks during training exercises. 
 Four large explosions shook the area near the U.S.-guarded Green Zone after sundown Sunday but there was no word on any damage or casualties. 
 U.S. forces on Sunday found two more bodies, including one of an Iraqi Army soldier, in northern Mosul, a day after the corpses of nine Iraqi soldiers were discovered, and a militant group claimed it had killed 17 Iraqi National Guardsmen. 
 Saudi Arabia, beginning preparations for next year's municipal elections, announced Sunday that voter registration stations would open to the public this week, the official Saudi Press Agency reported. 
 Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez on Sunday praised the direction Spain has taken under Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero, saying the country "had become a great hope." 
 Pakistan said Sunday it has added 81 items to a list of goods that can be imported from India with a reduced tariff, amid a thaw in ties with its nuclear archrival. 
 Russia's Albert Demshenko won the men's singles in a World Cup luge meet Sunday to take the lead in the overall standings. 
 Italy's Enrico Fabris surprised the favored Dutchmen by winning the 1,500 meters for his first speedkating World Cup victory Sunday, completing a meet in which track records were broken in all four races. 
 Prime Minister Ayad Allawi's office confirmed Sunday that Allawi's cousin was released by kidnappers. 
 A candidate in Abkhazia's disputed election on Sunday refused to accept a senior position in his rival's administration, as tensions persisted in the breakaway Georgian province. 
 Authorities will detain a Chechen rebel envoy and expel him if they catch him in Belgium, where he is expected to have talks this week with a respected Russian rights group, officials said Sunday. 
 U.S. Marines fired on a civilian vehicle that ignored warnings to stop at a military checkpoint in the restive central Iraq town of Ramadi, killing three civilians and wounding five, the military said Sunday. 
 Shoppers now crowd Venezuela's shopping malls, two years after they were padlocked amid a national strike against President Hugo Chavez. The economy is robust once again. The mass demonstrations that paralyzed the capital are no more. 
 Taliban-linked militants threatening to kill three U.N. hostages claimed Sunday that talks to swap them for jailed comrades were progressing, even as an American general urged a tough line against the kidnappers. 
 Nazi war criminal Josef Mengele, who lived for years in hiding in Brazil, never regretted his crimes and died convinced of the superiority of the Aryan race, according to previously unreleased documents obtained by a local newspaper. 
 Actress Salma Hayek has apologized for missing the opening of a new theater in her hometown, saying she arrived late because of delays during shooting of a film she's making elsewhere in Mexico. 
 Soccer teams must take responsibility for the battle against violence among their fans, a British sports figures said Sunday at a conference about the explosive issue, a day after a street fight erupted following an Israeli soccer match. 
 An armed gang attacked landless farmworkers occupying a ranch in southeastern Brazil, killing five and wounding 10, police said Sunday. 
 Chinese President Hu Jintao joined U.S. President George W. Bush, Vladimir Putin of Russia and other Pacific Rim leaders in donning woolly Chilean ponchos for Sunday's group photo. 
 Insurgents launched a deadly ambush Sunday in the guerrilla stronghold of Ramadi, killing eight Iraqi National Guardsmen and injuring 18 others, police said. 
 The head of the Swiss rehabilitation clinic where Italian firebrand politician Umberto Bossi spent months recovering from a stroke has pronounced him fit to resume politics, according to an interview published Sunday in a Swiss magazine. 
 Guarding defendants behind artillery batteries and thousands of troops, coup-wary Mauritania opened a mass trial in the remote Sahara desert on Sunday for officers and opposition figures accused of repeated takeover attempts. 
 Romualdo Rivera arrives at the emergency room with what seems to be a complaint of chest pain. But it's hard to be sure _ he doesn't speak English. 
 Pacific Rim leaders wrapped up a two-day summit Sunday with pledges to shore up global security and get rid of trade barriers seen as impediments to economic growth. 
 Labor Minister Roberto Maroni indicated on Sunday that the government would pass a decree at its next Cabinet meeting aimed at saving low-cost airline Volare, similar to the approach being used to rescue dairy giant Parmalat. 
 Pacific Rim leaders wrapped up a two-day summit Sunday with pledges to shore up global security and get rid of trade barriers seen as impediments to economic growth. 
 Police seized 19 ancient coins and arrested a Greek man on trafficking suspicions, authorities said Sunday. 
 Officials restored electricity and phone service and cleared fallen branches and trees from cracked roads and highways Sunday, after an earthquake rocked nearly all of Costa Rica and killed eight people, most of whom were frightened into heart attacks. 
 The world's top finance officials stopped well short of expressing serious concern about the plunging U.S. dollar at a meeting that ended Sunday, although they issued a call for "steps toward greater exchange-rate flexibility" in Asia's emerging economies. 
 Pacific Rim leaders wrapped up a two-day summit Sunday with pledges to shore up global security and push ahead with the World Trade Organization's global talks on lowering trade barriers seen as impediments to economic growth. 
 An exit poll indicated that opposition challenger Viktor Yushchenko won a resounding victory over Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych in Ukraine's presidential race on Sunday, collecting 58 percent of the vote. 
 A bus carrying travelers from Hungary to Germany and the Netherlands slid out of control on a snowy highway and went over an embankment early Sunday, killing one person and injuring 10 others, an official said. 
 U.N. helicopters escorted by U.N. peacekeepers flew the first food aid Sunday to this Liberian border town overwhelmed by thousands of refugees fleeing turmoil in neighboring Ivory Coast. 
 The Chunichi Dragons want to recruit two Cuban pitchers for their next season, the Japanese team's manager said Sunday during a three-day visit to Cuba. 
 Deportivo La Coruna striker Diego Tristan is expected to be sidelined for nearly a month with a thigh injury, the Spanish club said on its Web site Sunday. 
 Blackburn recovered from 3-1 down to draw 3-3 with Birmingham in the Premier League on Sunday, but stayed bottom of the standings. 
 EDITOR'S NOTE _ President Bush has outlined an ambitious agenda for his second term, from bringing stability to Iraq to simplifying tax laws. This is one of a series of stories examining the specifics of his proposals. 
 The demobilization of right-wing paramilitary forces who are engaged in peace talks with the government took another leap forward Sunday as hundreds of the fighters turned in their weapons in northwest Colombia. 
 Two Moroccan men were taken off a flight from Paris bound for Washington after officials determined one of the men was on the U.S. no-fly list. 
 A Turkomen journalist was wounded but survived an assassination attempt Sunday when gunmen opened fire at him in the northern city of Kirkuk, police said. 
 "Protection of marriage" is now the watchword for many activists fighting to prevent gays and lesbians from marrying. Some conservatives, however, say marriage in America began unraveling long before the latest gay-rights push and are pleading for a fresh, soul-searching look at the institution. 
 Was that just the Chicago River washing as usual against the stone facade of the Lyric Opera House? Or had the massive building and the audience inside somehow been transported to the banks of the Nile in ancient Egypt? 
 Five German tourists missing for several days in Algeria's Sahara desert were found "safe and sound" but face charges for allegedly stealing protected archaeological objects, the Interior Ministry said Sunday. 
 A convoy of Iraqi National Guards and police were ambushed Sunday by insurgents firing small arms and rocket-propelled grenades south of Baghdad, causing a number of casualties, the U.S. military said. 
 Sen. John McCain said Sunday he is not ruling out a run for the 2008 U.S. presidential nomination, but that he is not a candidate now. 
 More than 20 people were injured Sunday when fans rioted at a soccer stadium after a tear gas canister exploded before a first-division match. 
 Turkish soldiers killed two Kurdish rebels who attacked a local paramilitary headquarters in southeastern Turkey Sunday, the Anatolia news agency reported. 
 Israel's Holocaust museum posted a Web site Sunday giving Internet users access to biographical information on 3 million Jews killed by Nazi Germany and its collaborators _ the most comprehensive database of its kind. 
 Bucky Buckaroo the wallaroo and Pancho the goat may soon be back in the custody of their rapper owner Vanilla Ice. 
 Sweden beat Denmark 27-23 Sunday to win the men's World Cup final _ the former handball powerhouse's first major win in nearly three years. 
 Wolfsburg fell out of the Bundesliga lead for the first time in a month Sunday, losing 3-1 to Hamburg SV despite a goal by Thomas Brdaric after only 19 seconds _ the fastest goal this season. 
 Tourism from the United States to Jordan has jumped by 56 percent to 81,483 so far this year, despite mounting violence in neighboring Iraq, Israel and the Palestinian territories, the Tourism Ministry said in a report obtained Sunday. 
 Jim Carrey said on the CBS program "60 minutes" that he is better able to deal with depression now that he lives a life free of Prozac and alcohol. 
 A dispute at an illegal gambling house ended in the stabbing death of a man in Antigua, police said Sunday. 
 A wildcat strike by hundreds of bus drivers in Finland that threatened to spread to the capital's airport ended after employers agreed not to increase the number of part-time positions and to retain all staff with full-time contracts. 
 Russia can help Brazil with its nuclear energy program, Russian President Vladimir Putin said in an interview published Sunday as he prepared for a trip to South America with technology and trade high on the agenda. 
 Diana Ross looked every inch the diva as she pulled up to Musictech College in a black stretch limo and got out wrapped in a thick fur coat and wearing dark sunglasses. 
 A Syrian journalist said Sunday he has been ordered by the Interior Ministry to stop writing. 
 A bus carrying 48 people fell off a bridge in southern Russia on Sunday, injuring seven, rescue officials said. 
 A professional blackjack dealer had luck on his side when he won a coin toss to decide who would be the next mayor of this small ranching community. 
 Scientists flooded the Grand Canyon on Sunday to restore beaches and save fish and plants that have been disappearing since sediment-free water began flowing from a man-made dam 40 years ago. 
 Fourteen people were killed and 23 others injured when a bus collided with a truck in the Algerian desert, authorities said Sunday. 
 The Spanish colonialists who fortified this Colombian seaport 400 years ago to guard against pirates and rival imperial powers could only have dreamed of the kind of security being put in place for U.S. President George W. Bush's visit here on Monday. 
 One of Iraq's leading Shiite Muslim politicians said Sunday he is convinced Saddam Hussein will be executed if an Iraqi court hears his case. 
 A senior Roman Catholic clergyman issued a plea for tolerance Sunday during a service commemorating one of Britain's worst terrorist attacks _ the Irish Republican Army bombing of two busy Birmingham pubs. 
 A letter written by President Abraham Lincoln's assassin two months before the 1865 slaying sold at auction Sunday for a record $68,000 (euro52,227). 
 Merck & Co.'s campaign to defend itself in the wake of the recall of the pain reliever Vioxx intensified as it placed a package of three full-page ads in seven prominent newspapers beginning last Friday. That follows several television appearances as well as testimony before Congress by the company's chief executive. 
 Annika Sorenstam outlasted Cristie Kerr in an intense duel Sunday at the season-ending ADT Championship, beating her with a bogey on the first hole of a sudden-death playoff to win for the eighth time this year. 
 The leader of Ohio's largest mosque, convicted of lying about connections to terrorist groups, leaves behind a divided congregation and concerns about his family's welfare as he heads for prison. 
 Major points on the deal to reduce billions of euros (dollars) of Iraqi debt: 
 U.S. troops have found close to 20 "atrocity sites" used by insurgents to imprison, torture and kill hostages in Fallujah, a U.S. military officer said Sunday. 
 A 16-year-old Turkish soccer fan was stabbed to death Sunday during a fight between Besiktas fans at halftime of the team's match against Rizespor, reports said. 
 DaimlerChrysler AG's Chrysler Group has sued insurers for refusing to cover losses the company sustained during the 2003 blackout. 
 The lawsuit shareholders have brought against Disney has come to resemble a Hollywood potboiler of betrayed friendships, secret meetings and wounded egos. 
 A rights activist who was convicted Sunday of inciting hatred of the government and then hours later released by a royal decree said he believes the king is serious about reforms in the tiny Gulf kingdom and has hope for positive changes. 
 A British company said Sunday it was releasing a video game recreating the assassination of U.S. President John F. Kennedy. 
 Christian Vieri scored a first-half equalizer and Alvaro Recoba and Julio Ricardo Cruz added second-half goals Sunday to rally Inter Milan to 3-1 Italian Cup victory over Bologna. 
 A strong earthquake rocked the Caribbean islands of Dominica and Guadeloupe early Sunday, killing at least one person and destroying numerous homes. 
 Mexican league leader Veracruz failed to show up for its match against visiting Chiapas on Sunday, automatically forfeiting 2-0. The team will also have to pay a US$4,100 (euro3,560) fine. 
 A British man wanted for allegedly raping women in England more than 12 years ago has been convicted of attacking two women in Portland _ thanks in part to authorities and alleged victims who traveled across the Atlantic to testify. 
 American Marines killed an insurgent Sunday who pretended to be dead and then fired on the patrol, wounding one American, the U.S. military said. 
 Congress has approved legislation designating the birthplace of the commercial oil industry a national heritage area and appropriated $150,000 (euro115,207) to restore the nation's first commercially successful oil well. 
 Heavy rains unleashed flooding and landslides in Trinidad and Tobago on Sunday, killing one person and causing widespread damage throughout the Caribbean country, authorities said. 
 A federal judge Sunday denied the state Republican Party's bid to force Washington's most populous county to stop counting some ballots in the recount of the governor's race. 
 A former Philip Morris USA scientist plans to testify that the tobacco giant failed to tell smokers that a change to Merit cigarettes four years ago caused chunks of burning ash to fall off, presenting a potential safety hazard. 
 Striker Washington broke the all-time scoring record in the Brazilian league Sunday, scoring his 31st and 32nd goals to help Atletico Paranaense beat Ponte Preta 3-2 and stay atop the standings. 
 Kurt Busch overcame a broken wheel early in Sunday's race and came back to win the closest American stock-car championship in NASCAR history. 
 Ron Artest was suspended for the rest of the season Sunday as the NBA came down hard on three members of the Indiana Pacers for fighting with fans when a melee broke out at the end of a game against the Detroit Pistons. 
 The final results in Ukraine's bitterly contested presidential election are not yet known, but one thing is clear: the sprawling, strategic former Soviet republic's next leader takes the reins of a badly divided public, deeply suspicious of authority. 
 Police arrested three members of a family in connection with a cocaine seizure in Trinidad's capital on Sunday, authorities said. 
 U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist's health is shrouded in mystery, the extent of his thyroid cancer a closely guarded secret. Several coming events could give the public an idea about the seriousness of his condition. 
 President George W. Bush, trying to mend relations with Latin America, pledged Sunday to make a fresh push for stalled U.S. immigration reforms, saying they would strengthen border security and help the economy. 
 U.S. President George W. Bush, trying to mend relations with Latin America, pledged Sunday to make a fresh push for stalled U.S. immigration reforms, saying they would strengthen border security and help the economy. 
 U.S. President George W. Bush, trying to mend relations with Latin America, pledged Sunday to make a fresh push for stalled U.S. immigration reforms, saying they would strengthen border security and help the economy. 
 Today is Monday, November 29, the 333rd day of 2004. There are 32 days left in the year. 
 When a Canadian company floated the idea of hauling Lake Superior water aboard huge tankers to parched sections of Asia, the reaction hereabouts resembled the fury of the region's infamous November gales. 
 U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell embarked on a mission to revive Middle East diplomacy after the death of Yasser Arafat, hoping Israel will help with the upcoming Palestinian election and aiming to parlay that into a resumption of peace talks. 
 Kurt Busch struggled mightily with an oversized champagne bottle, trying with all his strength to pry the cork out and begin his NASCAR championship celebration. 
 Yasser Arafat's nephew plans to collect the Palestinian leader's medical records Monday, but faces an objection from Arafat's widow, whose lawyers insisted only she has legal rights to the file. 
 European Union foreign ministers intend to welcome Iran's pledge to suspend uranium enrichment activities, but will move toward closer ties with the country only if Tehran shows it is serious about abandoning the work permanently, diplomats said. 
 The U.S. dollar was trading at 103.14 yen on the Tokyo foreign exchange market at 9 a.m. (0000 GMT) Monday, down 1.04 yen from late Friday. 
 Manchester United only needs a point against Lyon on Tuesday to reach the second phase of the Champions League. A victory would better mark manager Alex Ferguson's 1,000th match in charge. 
 Several dozen cars are scrambling from India to Indonesia in a road rally to promote trade and cultural ties and show that the region can be navigated by automobile. 
 Iraqi authorities set Jan. 30 as the date for the nation's first election since the collapse of Saddam Hussein's dictatorship and pledged that voting would take place throughout the country despite rising violence and calls by Sunni clerics for a boycott. 
 A volcano erupted in southwestern Colombia Sunday, hurling rocks for a distance of two miles (three kilometers) and blanketing the ground with ash, but causing no injuries, Colombia's Institute of Geology and Mines said. 
 U.S. President George W. Bush, trying to mend relations with Latin America, pledged to make a fresh push for stalled immigration reforms and defended the U.S. invasion of Iraq, saying that "history will prove it right." 
 Gold opened at US$446.45 an ounce on Monday in Hong Kong, up US$2.90 an ounce from Friday's close of US$443.55. 
 Pirate broadcasts over the weekend about the Falun Gong spiritual group interrupted satellite signals for TV stations in mainland China, where the group is banned, the Hong Kong-based satellite operator said Monday. 
 Tokyo stocks plunged more than 2 percent Monday morning and the U.S. dollar traded just above its four-and-half-year lows against the yen, following a dollar selloff Friday in New York on concerns over the swollen U.S. trade deficit. 
 China's bank regulators have approved the purchase of a 4.55 percent stake in China Minsheng Banking Corp. by a unit of the Singaporean government's main investment arm, major financial newspapers reported Monday. 
 Malaysia says military-ruled Myanmar should show "tangible" proof it is moving toward democracy to reassure an increasingly skeptical and frustrated international community. 
 A U.S.-Iraqi raid on the Abu Hanifa mosque _ one of the most revered sites for Sunni Muslims _ spawned a weekend of street battles, assassinations and a rash of bombings that changed Baghdad. The capital, for months a city of unrelenting but sporadic violence, has taken on the look of a battlefield. 
 A dispute among deer hunters over a tree stand in northwestern Wisconsin erupted in a series of shootings that left five people dead and three injured, officials said. 
 At least 20 people were arrested while protesting a U.S.-run military school for Latin Americans, some of whose graduates they claim later committed civil rights abuses including murder. 
 When the cafe at former President Bill Clinton's presidential library opens Monday, the public will finally have the chance to enjoy the chocolate chip cookies his wife didn't stay home to make. 
 Japan's prime minister could order the military to shoot down incoming missiles without Cabinet approval under legislation being prepared by the government, media reported Monday. 
 Iraq's sharp accusations that its neighbors aren't doing enough to restore stability, as well as disputes over money and policy, cloud this week's international gathering on how to help a country ravaged by war and insurgency. 
 At least eight people died and 61 went missing when a powerful typhoon lashed the northern Philippines, toppling trees, capsizing boats and damaging farmland, officials said Monday. 
 A leader of the indigenous Maori Party on Monday demanded an inquiry into media reports that senior party officials and other Maori groups have been spied on. 
 Singapore's founding father Lee Kuan Yew says British society has become "rougher" over the past half century, and the country's politicians and media now denigrate excellence, a newspaper reported Monday. 
 Scientists flooded the Grand Canyon to restore beaches and save fish and plants that have been disappearing since sediment-free water began flowing from a man-made dam 40 years ago. 
 President George W. Bush signed a stopgap spending bill that keeps the U.S. government running while Congress sorts out remaining issues related to a more permanent federal spending package. 
 Crude futures were little changed in Asian trade Monday, holding onto sharp gains that came Friday amid a resurgence of jitters about a possible supply crunch over the coming winter months. 
 Three hooded bandits in eastern Australia bungled a robbery when they apparently mistook a restaurant's sliding door for a swinging one, police said Monday. 
 Mizuho, one of Japan's four biggest banking groups, reported Monday that group net profit for the first fiscal half fell 8.4 percent from the previous year, despite some progress in getting rid of bad debts. 
 Top-seeded Roger Federer of Switzerland won a record 13th straight final Sunday, beating Australian Lleyton Hewitt 6-3, 6-2 in the title match of the ATP Masters Cup. 
 A hotel security worker has been ordered to stand trial over the death of former Australian test cricketer David Hookes. 
 Philadelphia Orchestra musicians have overwhelmingly approved a new three-year labor contract, more than two months after their old contract expired. 
 The Central Election Commission said early Monday that Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych held a slight lead over Viktor Yushchenko in Ukraine's presidential election runoff, while exit polls put the opposition challenger ahead. 
 A Paralympic basketball gold medalist who has campaigned to improve access for the disabled in the developing world and a scientist-turned-political philosopher who worked on ways to control the invasive kudzu plant were among the 32 Americans selected as Rhodes Scholars for 2005. 
 An airliner that crashed in northern China exploded seconds after takeoff and "broke into flaming fragments" before plunging into an ice-covered lake, killing 54 people, but investigators found no evidence of terrorism, reports said Monday. 
 Police fatally shot two suspected Islamic rebels during a gunfight early Monday in Thailand's mostly Muslim deep south, where surging violence has claimed at least 540 lives this year. 
 AirAsia Bhd., the first low-cost carrier to be listed in Southeast Asia, made a solid debut Monday on the Malaysian stock exchange, while company officials said they'll decide within two months on plans to acquire 40 new aircraft. 
 Newspaper publisher Pulitzer Inc. said that company officials are considering a possible sale of the firm to boost shareholder value. 
 Unwilling to concede defeat, congressional leaders expressed hope that lawmakers could return next month to resolve a turf battle that has blocked passage of an overhaul of the nation's intelligence agencies. President George W. Bush pledged to work with them for passage. 
 At least 57 miners were dead and three missing following a massive blaze at a complex of iron mines in northern China, the government reported Monday. 
 More than 60 countries agreed to ban the killing of sharks for their fins in the Atlantic Ocean, a move that conservationists hope will increase protection of threatened species around the world. 
 Chinese President Hu Jintao cautioned Japan's prime minister about his visits to a Tokyo war shrine, saying he cannot ignore history, a senior Japanese official said. 
 Scott Peterson's life now rests in the hands of the jurors who found him guilty of murdering his pregnant wife, and who are about to hear testimony much more laden with emotion than they did during the five-month guilt phase of his trial. 
 A court in Vietnam's restive Central Highlands has sentenced 17 hill tribe people up to 10 years in jail for undermining national security and unity during an Easter weekend protest, an official said Monday. 
 Foreign and Afghan security forces raided houses in downtown Kabul early Monday, smashing their way in and detaining several men, officials and witnesses said. 
 Six people were found dead in two deserted cars over the weekend in Japan's latest group suicides, police said Monday. 
 Australia is considering uranium exports to China and has begun discussions with Beijing on whether it can commit to Australian rules that the product not be used for military purposes, the government said Monday. 
 Chinese President Hu Jintao cautioned Japan's prime minister about his visits to a Tokyo war shrine, saying he cannot ignore history, a senior Japanese official said. 
 Security forces smashed their way into houses in downtown Kabul early Monday, detaining several men in an apparent search for three kidnapped U.N. workers, officials and witnesses said. 
 All-Star forward Dirk Nowitzki had to be helped to the Dallas locker room after twisting his left ankle Sunday night against the Denver Nuggets. 
 The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues closed at 10,849.39 points on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Monday, down 233.45 points, or 2.11 percent, from Friday. 
 Amare Stoudemire overcame early foul trouble to score 33 points, and the Phoenix Suns beat the Los Angeles Clippers 122-111 on Sunday for their fourth straight victory. 
 Newspaper advertisements congratulating the 16-year-old girl who won the latest "Australian Idol" television competition mistakenly directed fans Monday to a gay porn Web site. 
 China's bank regulators have approved the purchase of a 4.55 percent stake in China Minsheng Banking Corp. by a unit of the Singapore government's main investment arm, newspapers reported Monday. 
 Ron Artest was suspended for the rest of the season Sunday, and two of his Indiana Pacers teammates must miss a total of 55 games for fighting with fans during a melee that broke out at the end of a game against the Detroit Pistons. 
 Five police teams investigating the slaying of a high-profile judge checked for links to organized crime and Tamil Tiber rebels on Monday as they interviewed dozens of people in the probe. 
 Eight people were killed and 10 others were injured Monday when a bus collided a truck in this former Soviet republic in the Caucasus, officials said. 
 New reports accuse another drug company of being too slow to pull a dangerous medication from the U.S. market and question the ability of the federal Food and Drug Administration to protect the public from such risks. 
 U.S. diplomats met with leaders of an outlawed Buddhist church in Vietnam over the weekend, the U.S. Embassy in Hanoi said Monday. 
 Irish Prime Minister Bertie Ahern, who has been working closely with Britain to broker a new power-sharing agreement in Northern Ireland, planned to meet the north's leader of moderate Catholic opinion Monday in the next step towards selling the deal. 
 Citing high fuel costs and overcapacity in the market, Austrian Airlines AG on Monday issued a profit warning for 2004, reducing its forecast for earnings before interest and tax to euro10 million (US$13 million) from euro50 million (US$65 million). 
 Gold bullion opened Monday at a bid price of US$446.50 a troy ounce, down from US$446.70 late Friday. 
 Death threats have chased away four elections officials in Mosul, stalling preparations for the vote in the northern city. Insurgents have torched election materials and a militant group believed to operate in Mosul has warned Iraqis not to participate in the election. 
 AstraZeneca PLC and Cambridge Antibody Technology Group PLC announced on Monday a US$175 million five-year research and development alliance to discover and develop human antibody therapeutics in inflammatory disorders. 
 Israel will do "everything in its power" to enable Palestinian elections to take place, Israeli Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom said Monday, after meeting with outgoing U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell. 
 A South Korean delegation plans to make an effort this week to prevent the country's past nuclear experiments from being referred to the United Nations Security Council. 
 Sampo Oyj said Monday that its Sampo Bank struck a deal to acquire a Latvian-owned financial institution that gives the Finnish group a base in all three Baltic states. 
 Three Americans sentenced to eight to 10 years in jail for torturing Afghans on a freelance hunt for terrorists began their appeal Monday, despite the absence of their U.S. lawyers. 
 American and Afghan forces searching for three kidnapped U.N. workers smashed their way into houses in downtown Kabul Monday, officials and witnesses said. 
 Israeli leaders assured visiting U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell on Monday that they will do everything they can to allow Palestinian elections to take place, including easing travel restrictions in the West Bank and Gaza Strip. 
 Official returns from more than 90 percent of precincts have widened Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych's narrow lead in Ukraine's bitterly fought presidential election runoff, and Western-leaning opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko accused authorities of fraud. 
 A top-level Bosnian Serb delegation arrives in Belgrade on Monday to seek extradition of nearly a dozen Bosnian Serb war crimes suspects sought by the U.N. tribunal and believed to be hiding in Serbia. 
 Birmingham City manager Steve Bruce said striker Dwight Yorke was the target of racist abuse at Sunday's Premier League game at Blackburn _ the same type of monkey taunts England players had received in Spain on Wednesday. 
 Grand champion Asashoryu outmuscled Mongolian compatriot Kyokushuzan on Monday to remain undefeated and in the lead after the ninth day of the Kyushu Grand Sumo Tournament. 
 Gold closed at US$446.75 an ounce on Monday in Hong Kong, up US$3.20 an ounce from Friday's close of US$443.55. 
 J.L. Hunter "Red" Rountree, the nation's oldest known bank robber, who turned to crime in his 80s and said the robberies made him feel good for days afterward, died in a prison hospital. He was 92. 
 A homemade bomb was found Monday on a commercial flight inside Iraq, prompting additional screening measures to go into effect at Baghdad International Airport, the U.S. Embassy said. 
 Over 20 people were killed Monday by rebels in ongoing fighting in south and north Darfur states, the Interior Ministry said, condemning the rebels for breaking a cease-fire reached earlier this month. 
 Guatemala City will stage next year's UNCAF Cup, the eighth biennial Central American championship that will qualify for teams for the CONCACAF Gold Cup, soccer's regional governing body announced Monday. 
 Leaders meeting on Iraq's future plan to give strong backing to the interim government's war against insurgents, but won't set a deadline for withdrawing U.S.-led forces from Iraq _ despite a push by France and some Arab countries. 
 Union leaders representing about 4,000 United Nations employees in Geneva on Monday expressed full confidence in U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan, but backed the union's New York branch in strongly criticizing the world body's senior management. 
 David Stern would not want to be in charge of a league that needs barriers to separate fans from players. Nor would he follow the lead of European soccer and order games to be played in empty arenas. 
 Police found the body of a fisherman drifting in his boat off Trinidad and Tobago, increasing the death toll to two from heavy rains, flooding and landslides in the Caribbean country. 
 Women worldwide make most of the buying decisions, comprise at least half the work force and head the majority of small businesses, meaning they will be a driving force behind economic growth this century, Mexican and global leaders said Tuesday. 
 Reinforcements may be on the horizon for the embattled New Zealand cricket team which crashed to an innings and 156-run defeat Sunday in the first of two tests against Australia. 
 American Honda Motor Co. is recalling 257,616 Accord sedans because the driver's air bag may not deploy properly, federal regulators said Monday. 
 An expert on Iraq's postwar reconstruction was sentenced Monday to six months under house arrest and two years of probation for trying to smuggle into the United States 4,000-year-old artifacts stolen from Iraq's national museum in the chaos after the U.S. invasion. 
 Haitian election officials began a weeklong training workshop on Monday to learn from their counterparts in Mexico, the Dominican Republic, Panama, El Salvador and Venezuela. 
 Defying President George W. Bush, the Republican lawmakers who led opposition dooming legislation to create a new national intelligence director and national counterterrorism center said they won't change their minds without Senate concessions. 
 Russian President Vladimir Putin met with Brazil's leader on Monday, pledging help for Brazil's oil sector, space program and bid for a seat on the United Nations Security Council. 
 Opposition leader Mark Latham's popularity has slumped to its lowest level since he took the Labor Party's helm a year ago, according to an opinion poll published Tuesday that follows his resounding election defeat last month. 
 Three men on a fishing trip in Jamaica drowned after one sank while swimming in a river and the other two jumped in to save him, police said Monday. 
 An offshore earthquake with a magnitude of 7.2 shook much of New Zealand's South Island on Tuesday, but emergency services said they had no immediate reports of injury or significant damage. 
 In yet another management shift, CNN on Monday hired former CBS News executive Jonathan Klein to oversee its flagship network and try to narrow the prime-time ratings gap with industry leader Fox News Channel. 
 Former U.S. President Bill Clinton had lunch Monday with Dominican President Leonel Fernandez during an unannounced visit to the Caribbean nation, officials said. 
 The protesters who objected to U.S. President George W. Bush's visit Monday were far outnumbered by Colombians thankful for Washington's aid in combating drug trafficking and guerrillas. 
 Former star technology banker Frank Quattrone, convicted on criminal charges of obstructing justice, has been barred from the securities industry for life by regulators for allegedly failing to cooperate in an investigation of his activities. 
 Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi on Monday stressed the need for a speedy resumption of stalled multinational talks with North Korea regarding its nuclear program. 
 Mexico President Vincente Fox said Monday he wants to push for a free trade pact with Ecuador. 
 An independent lawmaker who accused the deputy prime minister of political bribery remained unrepentant Tuesday despite police ruling out filing corruption charges. 
 The United Nations is investigating 150 allegations of sexual abuse by peacekeepers in Congo, a disturbing sign that efforts to rid the so-called "blue helmets" of such misconduct in recent years haven't worked, officials said Monday. 
 Rescuers were searching Monday for two missing tourists _ one British, the other American _ on the slopes of Maderas volcano, 100 kilometers (60 miles) southeast of Managua, authorities said Monday. 
 A southwestern Ontario man charged with e-mailing a death threat to Michael Jackson pleaded guilty Monday to uttering death threats. 
 The international Red Cross said Tuesday it needs 209 million Swiss francs (US$180 million; euro138 million) to fund its aid work worldwide next year. 
 Today is Tuesday, November 30, the 334th day of 2004. There are 31 days left in the year. 
 Yasser Arafat's weighty medical dossier is inconclusive on the cause of the Palestinian leader's death but the blame still lies with Israel, his nephew said. 
 The special state attorney for counterterrorism withdrew his "irrevocable" resignation at the request of President Alejandro Toledo, just hours after saying he was quitting amid criticism about a dissenting opinion he wrote two years ago in favor of a New York woman convicted of terrorist collaboration. 
 Japan's financial markets were closed Tuesday for a national holiday. Markets will reopen on Wednesday. 
 Democracy's apparent dead end in Myanmar, the terrorist threat from a Muslim insurgency in Thailand, and the flight of foreign investment to colossus China are on the diplomatic plate for Southeast Asia's annual summit next week. 
 Iran has said it has frozen all uranium enrichment programs, in line with an agreement it made with European nations but still short of U.S. and European demands that it scrap such activities permanently. 
 After eight years in jail on corruption charges, the husband of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto has been released on bail, officials said, in a move the government called a step toward "political harmony" with her opposition party. 
 The Pentagon has decided to reopen a controversial deal to supply refueling tankers to the Air Force, dealing a blow to The Boeing Co., which had expected to win the $23 billion (euro17.7 billion) contract. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair's government on Tuesday outlines its legislative program for the coming year, with crime and security likely to be center stage as it keeps one eye on elections ahead, 
 The biggest challenge for Annika Sorenstam is setting goals. 
 Not too long ago, Google Inc. seemed little more than a nuisance to Microsoft Corp.'s software domination. 
 Troubled business software company Computer Associates International Inc. reportedly has selected longtime IBM executive John Swainson as its new chief executive. 
 Home on sick leave two years ago, Ammar Halloum says he watched the Enron Corp. investigation play out on television _ then decided he had to blow the whistle on his own employer. 
 The United Auto Workers union said it had ended its strike against four CNH Global plants in the Midwest and advised union workers to report for their next regularly scheduled shift. 
 U.S. farm exports will plunge by 10 percent to just over $56 billion (euro43 billion) in 2005 as soaring crop production around the world lowers prices and results in greater competition for U.S. farmers, the Agriculture Department predicted. 
 A private jet that was en route to Houston to pick up former President George H. W. Bush clipped a light pole and crashed as it approached Hobby Airport in thick fog, killing all three people aboard. 
 Ford Motor Co. is preparing to notify up to 740,000 owners of Ford Explorer and Mercury Mountaineer sport utility vehicles about a possible transmission problem, a company spokeswoman said. 
 Pakistan's Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz was to arrive in New Delhi on Tuesday for talks with his Indian counterpart Manmohan Singh as the nuclear-armed rivals continue to push to end decades of bitter relations. 
 Luxury toy store FAO Schwarz, forced into bankruptcy by competition from discount retailers, is returning to its image as an extravagant playland to attract customers when it reopens on Thursday _ Thanksgiving Day. 
 CNH Global rejected a United Auto Workers union offer to return to work at four of the company's plants in the Midwest, saying it would not best serve the interests of the company, its customers and dealers. 
 Saying the city had created its "own little Guantanamo on the Hudson" during the Republican National Convention, a lawyer filed a lawsuit on behalf of nearly 2,000 people arrested at demonstrations. 
 Koreans have a harsh history in Japan. Their homeland was under Tokyo's colonialist yoke for 35 years, and in Japan they still face discrimination and cruel stereotypes. 
 The White House has requested that the Central Intelligence Agency and the Pentagon study whether the Defense Department should take over CIA paramilitary operations, as recommended by the Sept. 11 commission. 
 The number of mobile phone subscribers in China surged to 320 million by the end of October, with an average of 5.5 million new cell phone users signing up each month this year, the government reported Tuesday. 
 Clemson and South Carolina will not accept bowl bids, punishment for players who brawled toward the end of Saturday's game. 
 China plans to release an imprisoned veteran dissident this week, cutting short his sentence in an apparent "conciliatory gesture" by the government of President Hu Jintao, a human rights group said Tuesday. 
 Gabe Kapler became the first player to leave the World Series champion Boston Red Sox, agreeing to a one-year contract with the Yomiuri Giants in Tokyo. 
 The debate over walking is putting additional pressure on cricket's match officials because some players might do it more for future gain than because their conscience gets the better of them, umpire Steve Bucknor said. 
 Dirk Nowitzki missed the Dallas Mavericks' game against Minnesota on Monday night and will miss several more because of a sprained ankle, adding the team's best player to an already lengthy list of hobbling players. 
 Florida election officials were lax in their oversight of the company that created a flawed database of felons and dead voters, but there was no intent to disenfranchise anyone, an internal audit of the project found. 
 FC Porto's reign as European champion will end on Wednesday unless it wins in Moscow and former coach Jose Mourinho does it a favor by beating Paris Saint-Germain. 
 The Indiana Pacers' leadership voiced their support for Ron Artest and the other players suspended after the brawl with Detroit Pistons fans and apologized for their role in one of the most violent exchanges between players and fans in U.S. sports history. 
 The company that owns The Venetian megaresort and a hotel-casino in Macau is aiming at an initial public offering price of $21 (euro16.11) a share, according to documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 The New Zealand cricket team has found an unexpected ally after its first test battering by Australia at Brisbane. 
 Suspected Islamic insurgents shot and seriously wounded a deputy provincial governor Tuesday while he was inspecting the scene of an earlier attack in one of Thailand's predominantly Muslim southern provinces. 
 McDonald's Corp.'s recent CEO changes: 
 Investigators trying to find the cause of the fiery crash of a Chinese airliner were searching an icy lake Tuesday for its flight data recorders. The death toll rose to 55 after the body of a second person killed on the ground was found. 
 Prospective jurors being interviewed for the Robert Blake murder case were warned that they will have no DNA evidence, no fingerprints and no eyewitnesses and will have to judge the actor entirely on circumstantial evidence. 
 Crude oil futures fell Tuesday, reversing earlier gains, as analysts predicted a weekly U.S. oil inventories report would show a rise in stocks. 
 Chinese President Hu Jintao ended his first day of a state visit to Cuba by witnessing a marathon signing of 16 agreements with the Cuban government, including deals to buy nickel, build a nickel production plant and launch exploration projects for the mineral. 
 Malaysia's second highest court has upheld the right of government schools to bar male Muslim students from wearing turbans to class, drawing protests from the Islamic opposition. 
 President Hu Jintao says China's economy will avoid a "hard landing" amid efforts to cool off surging growth and should expand at a "stable and relatively fast" pace next year, state media reported Tuesday. 
 Flash floods triggered by a powerful typhoon left at least 14 people dead Tuesday in the northeastern Philippines, bringing the toll to nearly 40 since the weekend, officials said. 
 Sudan's Darfur region, already engulfed in a conflict that has forced 1.8 million people to flee their homes, now faces a new threat from drought which is drying up wells and could lead to widespread hunger next year, the top U.S. aid official says. 
 Gunfire erupted outside a North Philadelphia high school, killing a 16-year-old boy and injuring two girls, authorities said. 
 A relaxed Sheryl Crow testified against her alleged stalker, describing how he appeared outside her dressing room after a Manhattan concert. 
 A woman with a history of postpartum depression told an emergency operator she had cut off the arms of her baby daughter, then waited calmly until police arrived, authorities said. 
 A sample of comments about recent soccer-related outbreaks of racism in Spain: 
 Spaniards like to say they live in Europe's most racially tolerant country. 
 Amnesty International called on Indonesian authorities Tuesday to protect relatives of a poisoned rights activist, after his wife received a dismembered chicken with a death threat warning her not to blame the military for his death. 
 The lower House of Congress sent the federal budget that the Treasury Department has declared unworkable to President Vicente Fox on Monday night. The president has vowed to legally challenge it. 
 Three U.N. workers kidnapped in Afghanistan have been released unharmed after nearly four weeks in captivity, officials said Tuesday. 
 McDonald's Corp. CEO Charlie Bell, who was diagnosed with colorectal cancer in May, resigned to focus on his battle with the disease, forcing the company to make a sudden leadership switch for the second time in seven months. 
 The leader of Ohio's largest mosque entered a low-security prison where he is expected to serve two months for lying about connections to terrorist groups. 
 A fraud ring operating in northern Virginia helped more than 1,000 Indonesian immigrants file bogus asylum applications in recent years, federal prosecutors said. 
 With the bright lights of lower Manhattan shining on the stage, the band U2 played a surprise outdoor concert in a waterfront park beneath the Brooklyn Bridge. 
 A half dozen New England Patriots made big plays. None made as many as Tom Brady. 
 A Pakistan coast guard patrol in the Arabian Sea arrested 22 Indians and seized their boats for fishing in Pakistani waters, a spokesman said Tuesday. 
 Falun Gong denied Tuesday hacking into a satellite feed to spread its banned message in China, but defended broadcast interruptions as an acceptable way to counter the mainland government's propaganda against the spiritual group. 
 North Korea said Tuesday it could resume six-nation talks on its nuclear weapons programs if U.S. President George W. Bush's new administration agrees to change its policy toward the communist state. 
 A crowded fishing boat filled with wedding party guests capsized off Indonesia's east coast, killing seven people, a port official said Tuesday. 
 More than 100 hydroelectric plants in southern China have been ordered shut to preserve water for farming amid an extended severe drought. 
 Flash floods triggered by heavy rains left at least 11 people dead in the northeastern Philippines on Tuesday, bringing the death toll to 60 since a powerful typhoon ravaged the area over the weekend, officials said. 
 Iran calls the United States the "Great Satan" and the U.S. president lumps Iran in with an "axis of evil." But top diplomats for the two countries left the insults at the door during dinner. 
 No one passing the thousands of protesters crowding Kiev's main street asks why Georgian flags are waving in Ukraine _ the parallels with Georgia's "Rose Revolution" are strong, even eerie. 
 Suicide bombers who struck the U.S. and Israeli embassies last summer in Uzbekistan's capital were citizens of neighboring Kazakhstan, prosecutors said Tuesday. 
 The U.S. embassy closed its consular office in the coastal city of Bombay on Tuesday after receiving a threat of a possible terrorist attack. 
 Australia's opposition leader Mark Latham accepted responsibility Tuesday for his Labor Party's disastrous defeat at national elections last month. 
 Thousands of soldiers backed by military helicopters were sweeping through the remote mountains of Nepal's west in a pre-emptive strike against Maoist rebels who have waged bloody insurgency against the government, officials said Tuesday. 
 Crude oil futures eased a shade Tuesday in range-bound trade as analysts predicted a weekly U.S. oil inventories report could show a rise in stocks. 
 A judge postponed the arraignment of former professional American football player on charges that Ford shot at the home of entertainers Siegfried & Roy. 
 North Korea will need food aid for more than 6 million people next year, as a harvest shortfall and soaring prices in fledgling private markets leave most families unable to get enough to eat, U.N. agencies said Tuesday. 
 Finland's unemployment rate was 8 percent in October, down from 8.3 percent a year earlier, but up from 7.2 percent in September, the government statistics agency said Tuesday. 
 Masked gunmen on Tuesday assassinated a Sunni cleric north of Baghdad, police said _ the second such killing in as many days. 
 Former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto denied Tuesday that she had struck a deal with Pakistan's president to secure her husband's freedom, but said leaders from her opposition party had held "political reconciliation" talks with government officials. 
 A masked gunman shot and killed a Palestinian shopkeeper in Lebanon's largest refugee camp overnight, Palestinian officials said Tuesday. 
 The United States handed the Philippine navy US$2.7 million (euro2.07 million) worth of guns, patrol boats, radios, ammunition, and medical equipment on Tuesday, as part of a counterterrorism package that includes training for elite units. 
 Family and friends of a U.N. worker from Kosovo freed after being held hostage in Afghanistan for a month gathered Tuesday to celebrate her release. 
 Insurgents hit a U.S. convoy with a roadside bomb near the central Iraq city of Samarra on Tuesday, drawing return fire that killed one man as mortar rounds landed near a U.S. military outpost, injuring two children, hospital and police officials said. 
 Rafael Eitan, a former Israeli army chief and leader of a hawkish political party, drowned Tuesday after being swept into the stormy Mediterranean, police said. He was 75. 
 "Imagine it's your mother!" an Iraqi man shouts, demanding the Marine open a bridge north of Fallujah so an ailing woman can get medical treatment. 
 Albania's parliament voted against launching an investigation into allegations that the country's prime minister was involved in arms trafficking to Kosovo seven years ago, a spokesman said Tuesday. 
 Those rallying to keep open the doors of a hospital trauma unit serving a poor, violence-plagued neighborhood of Los Angeles have hit upon a more potent argument than mere dollars and cents. 
 Investigators trying to find the cause of the fiery crash of a Chinese airliner were searching an icy lake Tuesday for its flight data recorders. The death toll rose to 55 after the body of a second person killed on the ground was found. 
 China plans to release an imprisoned veteran dissident this week, cutting short his sentence in an apparent "conciliatory gesture" by the government of President Hu Jintao, a human rights group said Tuesday. 
 Emergency crews on Tuesday recovered four more bodies from a Chinese iron mine that suffered a devastating fire, bringing the confirmed death toll to 61, the government said. 
 A massive loss in the series-opening match at the Gabba on the weekend hasn't dented New Zealand coach John Bracewell's belief that his Kiwi lineup can upset Australia in the second test. 
 A U.S.-based Jewish human rights group on Tuesday called for investigations into claims that North Korea conducted gas chamber experiments on political prisoners. 
 A minibus collided with a car carrying a Cabinet minister and a lawmaker on a road in southern Pakistan on Tuesday, injuring both of them, a government official said. 
 Five sailors were rescued by a helicopter Tuesday from a tug boat that ran aground in the Baltic Sea, the Swedish Maritime Administration said. Rescuers were still searching for a sixth crewman. 
 An ethnic Turkish contractor who works with U.S. forces was kidnapped from his family home Tuesday in the northern city of Kirkuk, police said. 
 A gunbattle between police and rebels in a central Iraqi town left one fighter dead, while a search operation netted four suspected insurgents and a weapons cache, police said Tuesday. 
 Police Tuesday offered a reward of US$10,000 (euro7,700) for information on four men suspected of gunning down a high profile judge. 
 Grand champion Asashoryu swatted down Shimotori on Tuesday to remain undefeated and in the sole lead after the tenth day of the Kyushu Grand Sumo Tournament. 
 Filipinos rejoiced Tuesday at the release of a diplomat held captive for nearly a month in Afghanistan, but the president reminded people to continue "efforts and prayers" for another Filipino hostage in Iraq. 
 Singapore will showcase its artistic talent in London early next year in the hope of boosting tourism at home, officials said Tuesday. 
 A glass dome etched with messages of condolence has been chosen as the design for a memorial to victims of the Madrid train bombings. 
 Fifty-nine cars raced off from northeastern India on Tuesday on a 8,000-kilometer (4,800-mile) rally to Indonesia to promote trade and cultural ties between India and Southeast Asia. 
 Wednesday's Champions League game between Anderlecht and Valencia offers a last chance for both teams. 
 Joel and Melodi Kekauoha began hearing the term "ninth island" when their flight from Honolulu descended over the Nevada desert toward the lights of the Las Vegas Strip. 
 U.N. war crimes investigators are interrogating Macedonia's former interior minister over the killing of 10 ethnic Albanians during a 2001 conflict between the government and minority Albanians, a Croatian newspaper reported Tuesday. 
 Pakistani Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz arrived in India on Tuesday to help push forward a fragile peace process initiated by the nuclear-armed rivals earlier this year. 
 Asian stock markets closed mostly higher Tuesday following gains on Wall Street. 
 U.N. Security Council members traveled Tuesday to the hotspot that threatened to reignite central Africa's conflicts, heading to a recently embattled town near the Congo-Rwanda border. 
 Low-cost airline easyJet PLC said Tuesday that net profit rose 27 percent in the last fiscal year despite rising oil prices and tough competition. 
 Police in the capital on Tuesday arrested three Tamil men who they suspected might be Tiger rebels amid escalating violence that threatens to derail Sri Lanka's faltering peace process. 
 Former Belgian international goalkeeper Francky Vandendriessche said Tuesday his positive test for a banned substance was caused by medical treatment to his back and he expected to be exonerated. 
 Germany's SAP AG, the world's largest business software company, has begun wooing worried customers away from Silicon Valley rival Peoplesoft _ embroiled in a hostile takeover bid by Oracle, a top official said Tuesday. 
 China urged the European Union to lift its 15-year arms embargo on Beijing "as soon as possible," promising Tuesday that the move would not lead to increased Chinese weapons purchases. 
 Indonesian police have arrested a key terror suspect wanted in the 2002 Bali bombings, last year's attack on the J.W. Marriott Hotel and a suicide blast in September at the Australian Embassy, a media report said Tuesday. 
 German Foreign Minister Joschka Fischer called for calm Tuesday in Ukraine in the wake of the country's disputed presidential election and urged an investigation of the results. 
 Authorities in the eastern Dutch city of Arnhem said Tuesday that a chemical leak from a cargo train was the likely cause of nausea and headaches experienced by about 25 people. 
 Venezuela's Hugo Chavez pledged Tuesday to leave office as poor as he was when he took the helm of the oil-rich nation. 
 Masked men attacked two Chinese immigrants in their corner store in the latest of a series of assaults on Chinese residents of Croatia, police said Tuesday. 
 Russia's lower house of parliament on Tuesday ratified an international protocol restricting the use of some categories of land mines. 
 The first independent aid group to enter the Iraqi city of Fallujah after two weeks of fighting saw some civilians, but had to turn back before delivering any assistance because of security concerns, the international Red Cross said Tuesday. 
 Fresh off a win over archrival Real Madrid, it seems FC Barcelona has little to worry about when it hosts Celtic in a fifth-rotation game of the Champions League Group F on Wednesday. 
 Interim Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas told parliament on Tuesday that he would follow in Yasser Arafat's footsteps and demand that Israel recognize the "right of return" of Palestinian refugees. 
 A private jet en route to Houston to pick up President George W. Bush's father was hundreds of feet lower than it should have been when it hit a light pole and crashed, but federal investigators say it's too early to say what caused the wreck that killed three crew members. 
 Gen. Milan Cerovsky, the chief of staff of Slovakia's armed forces, plans to retire by the end of this year, two years before his second term expires, the TASR news agency reported Tuesday. 
 Norway's national petroleum fund posted a 1.4 percent return on its investments during the third quarter of 2004, an increase from the year-ago period that was the result of rising prices worldwide. 
 Suspected Islamic insurgents shot and wounded a deputy provincial governor and attacked a municipal official with an ax in separate incidents Tuesday in Thailand's mostly Muslim south, where sectarian violence has left hundreds dead this year. 
 Crude oil futures eased a bit Tuesday as analysts predicted that a weekly U.S. report on oil inventories could show a rise in stocks. 
 Three U.N. workers kidnapped in Afghanistan were released unharmed Tuesday after nearly four weeks in captivity, and officials insisted that no deal had been made to secure their freedom. 
 Virender Sehwag slammed his eighth test hundred and shared a 218-run opening stand with Gautam Gambhir as India reached 401 for four at stumps Tuesday and the first cricket test against South Africa headed toward a draw. 
 Relatives of a man being held in the deadly shooting of six deer hunters say they are just as stunned and bewildered by the incident as authorities investigating the case. 
 A military plane crashed in bad weather in southeastern Swaziland, leaving the country's tiny air force with just three aircraft, an aviation spokesman said Tuesday. 
 With a calm and dispassionate voice and a hymn playing in the background, Dena Schlosser confessed to the unthinkable, telling a 911 operator she'd cut off the arms of her baby girl. 
 Ukraine's opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko said Tuesday that he has won presidential elections, and he called for international recognition. 
 The Lithuanian government is expected to decide this week the date it will close the first unit of its Ignalina nuclear power plant. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair's government on Tuesday pledged new measures to combat crime and terrorism, as it unveiled what may be its last legislative program before national elections expected in May. 
 Women in East Asia are contracting HIV at a faster rate than in the rest of the world, and there's a worrying new trend in Thailand: men who have visited prostitutes are increasingly passing on the infection to their wives, the United Nations says. 
 About a third of the Iranian Kurd refugees at a long-established camp in western Iraq may have fled because of fierce fighting in the Ramadi area last week, the U.N. refugee agency said Tuesday. 
 England rugby coach Andy Robinson has named an unchanged team to play Australia on Saturday, keeping faith with the lineup that defeated South Africa. 
 The European Union will "take a more active role," when it officially takes over the peacekeeping mission in Bosnia from NATO on Dec. 2, the future commander of the mission said Tuesday. 
 Sweden's royal family may sue a German publishing house for nearly 40 million kronor (euro4.4 million, US$5.8 million) to stop what it has called malicious and false stories about them. 
 Pakistan and India agreed Tuesday to set up joint study group on how to promote trade and economic cooperation amid warming relations between their nuclear-armed, but impoverished, countries. 
 Montenegro's parliament opened a debate Tuesday on a contentious government plan to build a huge dam that would flood the Tara Canyon, a popular tourist destination that is part of a UNESCO world heritage site. 
 Masked gunmen assassinated a Sunni cleric north of Baghdad on Tuesday _ the second such killing in as many days. Insurgents hit a U.S. convoy with a roadside bomb near the central Iraq city of Samarra, drawing return fire that killed one man. 
 Werder Bremen can clinch a place in the second round of the Champions League with a victory Wednesday over already qualified Internazionale Milan. 
 In a stinging attack on South Africa's political elite and its failure to alleviate poverty, Archbishop Desmond Tutu warned Tuesday that the country was "sitting on a powder keg." 
 People throughout Ireland expressed joy and relief Tuesday at news that a Northern Irish woman, one of three United Nations workers kidnapped last month in Afghanistan, has been freed unharmed. 
 Former Czech President Vaclav Havel said he was feeling fine Tuesday after injuring his leg in a fall in Taiwan, but would heed his doctors' advice and cut short a trip to Asia. 
 Russian President Vladimir Putin arrived in the Portuguese capital Tuesday for a daylong visit to discuss trade ties and international issues with President Jorge Sampaio and Prime Minister Pedro Santana Lopes. 
 Airbus' top salesman gave the clearest indication yet Tuesday that the European aircraft maker plans to develop a new rival to the 7E7 "Dreamliner" being developed by U.S. competitor Boeing Co. 
 Ukraine's opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko said Tuesday that he is the real winner of the country's presidential election and called for international recognition. 
 Previously classified notes and doodles by former U.S. President John F. Kennedy may not offer up any major revelations, but the documents promise to add an intriguing footnote to the assassinated president's archives. 
 Four Swedish entertainers and writers are the latest celebrities to be named goodwill ambassadors for next year's Hans Christian Andersen bicentennial. 
 Results of the draw for the Fed Cup semifinals on Wednesday and Thursday at the Indoor Ice Skating Center Krylatskoye: 
 Green-bereted troops of the French Foreign Legion and other French forces were pulling back from strategic positions in Ivory Coast's commercial capital Tuesday, easing security after unprecedented, deadly confrontations between France and its former star African colony. 
 Slovakia's Foreign Ministry on Tuesday expressed concern about the fairness of the presidential elections in Ukraine, calling on the Ukrainian government to investigate possible election abuse, the TASR news agency reported. 
 Pakistani troops on Tuesday raided a suspected Islamic militant hide-out near Afghanistan, arresting two Tajiks, officials said. Four soldiers and two villagers were wounded in the shootout. 
 The U.S. dollar hit a new all-time low Tuesday against the euro, which rose to US$1.3085 amid persistent concerns about the U.S. trade and budget deficits. 
 Iraq's Independent Electoral Commission said Tuesday that 156 political parties have been approved to run candidates in the Jan. 30 general election. 
 Arsenal will be looking to end its string of draws in the Champions League and push PSV from top spot in Group E with a big win in Eindhoven Wednesday, while a draw would guarantee the Dutch advance to the second round. 
 Nigerian soldiers clashed with hundreds of protesters who invaded an oil rig run by oil giant Royal Dutch/Shell, injuring at least 13 demonstrators, military and company officials said Tuesday. 
 Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has decided to contest a Football Association improper conduct charge arising out of the acrimonious scenes in the tunnel after the Gunners' 2-0 loss to Manchester United last month. 
 Undaunted by Euro-skeptics and clashes with lawmakers over the appointment of his team, the new chief of the European Commission said Tuesday he was determined to lead a strong executive and build a competitive Europe. 
 Arsenal reserve goalkeeper Graham Stack appeared in court Tuesday charged with raping a 21-year-old woman. 
 Landon Donovan is leaving Major League Soccer's San Jose Earthquakes after four seasons and will return to Bayer Leverkusen in Germany. 
 Viacom agreed Tuesday to pay $3.5 million (euro2.67 million) to end investigations by the Federal Communications Commission into allegations of indecency in its radio and television programming. 
 In an unusual show of independence, four Ukrainian diplomats accused their government Tuesday of subverting the will of the people to favor pro-Russia Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych in the nation's presidential election. 
 A former stripper and her lover were acquitted Tuesday of murdering casino heir Ted Binion, who prosecutors say was drugged and suffocated in a plot to steal his fortune of buried silver. 
 Manchester United gave Alex Ferguson a 1,000th game anniversary present by reaching the last 16 of the Champions League on Tuesday, while four-time winner Bayern Munich romped into the second round with a 5-1 win over Maccabi Tel Aviv. 
 Annika Sorenstam has one week to decide whether she wants to play in the Women's World Cup of Golf, which starts the LPGA Tour season in February in South Africa. 
 No sign of mad cow disease was found in an animal the Agriculture Department had singled out for followup tests, officials said Tuesday. Initial screenings last week had raised the possibility of a new case of the disease in the United States. 
 Today is Wednesday, Dec. 1, the 335th day of 2004. There are 30 days left in the year. 
 An Iraqi journalist who stayed in Fallujah to report on the battle for his hometown says he and hundreds of other civilians who eventually turned themselves in to escape the violence suffered tough, sometimes humiliating, treatment from American and Iraqi guards. 
 Many air travelers in the United States apparently still haven't gotten the word about leaving their handguns and knives behind when they go to the airport. Not to mention the chain saws, land mines and gunpowder, too. 
 Tips from the U.S. government for passengers heading to the airport: 
 The women's rights movement and the AIDS movement must come together if the world is to ultimately win the fight against HIV, the United Nations said. 
 Thirteen prisoners convicted of killing Grenada's leader and Cabinet ministers in a 1983 coup should be released because their rights were repeatedly violated during trial, their lawyer told an appeals court Tuesday. 
 A cow the Agriculture Department had suspected of carrying mad cow disease was declared free of the illness after follow-up tests, officials said. The announcement was a relief to the U.S. beef industry, which is still trying to recover from the nation's first case of the disease last December. 
 Philippine President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo and Mexican President Vicente Fox called on all nations to fight terrorism Tuesday, the same day a Philippine diplomat was released in Afghanistan. 
 Name the affliction, and Lloyd "Lee" Henry swears he can beat it. Chronic headaches? Cured in a couple of days. Kidney stones? Kicked in a few weeks. AIDS? Well, he says he's working on it. 
 As a child, Hrant Dink dreamed of becoming a homicide detective, but he faced an insurmountable obstacle. In overwhelmingly Muslim Turkey, Jews and Christians can't join the police. 
 Australian miner WMC Resources LTD said Wednesday that known mineral resources at its Olympic Dam mine in South Australia state have increased by 29 percent to 3.8 billion metric tons (4.19 billion U.S. tons) as a result of recent drilling. 
 Mexican stocks slipped lower Tuesday in uninspired trade as U.S. market participants prepared for the Thanksgiving holiday. 
 Hardly anyone noticed Luke Donald sitting on a sofa Tuesday morning in the stately lobby at Sea Island Golf Club, where he faced a daylong photo shoot with a corporate sponsor. 
 In March 1996, when Dan Rather marked his 15th anniversary as anchorman of the "CBS Evening News," he was asked what such a milestone signified. The first thing that popped into his head: He had lasted. 
 Australian monopoly wheat exporter AWB LTD said Wednesday net profit more than doubled to 96.9 million Australian dollars (US$79.2 million; euro58.2 million) in the year ended Sept. 30. 
 Asia knows all too well the power of currency markets to wreak havoc on regional economies _ the upheavals of the Asian financial crisis of the late 1990s ensured that. 
 The Los Angeles Lakers activated Vlade Divac _ who has yet to play his first game since rejoining them _ and Jumaine Jones. 
 A New Jersey hospital helped thwart an attempted sale of smuggled flu vaccine, authorities said. 
 The CIA is increasingly concerned that more countries may be spreading technology or expertise that can be used to make weapons of mass destruction and possibly going a dangerous step further than has been seen previously. 
 Doctors who prescribe the acne drug Accutane and its generic equivalents, pharmacists who dispense it and patients who take it, now will be registered in a central database under toughened government rules for a drug linked to birth defects. 
 A suspect in the slaying of a top prosecutor last week was killed in a shootout with police, and authorities have linked him to North American schools that reportedly train private security forces, officials said. 
 The United States urged the Ukrainian government not to certify pro-Russia Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych as winner of disputed presidential elections in the former Soviet republic because of suspected widespread fraud. 
 A state appeals court denied a defense bid for a new jury and change of venue for the penalty phase of Scott Peterson's murder case. 
 French television maker Thomson SA has bought a small stake in Konka Group Co., one of China's biggest TV manufacturers, the Chinese company said Wednesday. 
 Linked in the past to sex crimes in East Timor, and prostitution in Cambodia and Kosovo, U.N. peacekeepers have now been accused of sexually abusing the very population they were deployed to protect in Congo. 
 Dan Rather, the hard-charging embodiment of CBS News who saw his reputation damaged by an ill-fated report on President George W. Bush's National Guard service, said he will step down as "CBS Evening News" anchor in March after nearly a quarter-century in the job. 
 Canadian officials said they are considering retaliating against the United States over an anti-dumping law the World Trade Organization has ruled illegal _ a proposal that has surfaced one week ahead of U.S. President George W. Bush's visit to Canada. 
 The county Board of Supervisors voted to close a hospital trauma center in one of the city's poorest, most gang-ridden neighborhoods, despite pleas from politicians, residents and civil rights leaders. 
 The communist nations of China and Cuba forged a stronger economic partnership during a two-day trip to the Caribbean island by Chinese President Hu Jintao, who ended a tour of Latin America late Tuesday. 
 The government approved a drug that tries a new method of attacking multiple sclerosis, an incurable disease of the central nervous system. 
 A Tennessee jury on Tuesday ordered DaimlerChrysler AG to pay more than $105 million (euro80 million), saying the company's minivan seats were unsafe and led to a baby's death in a car crash. 
 Lisa Kudrow isn't waiting for "Friends" to become a distant memory _ she's already signed on for a new sitcom that sounds tailor made for her. 
 Construction of a 101-story skyscraper, billed as the world's largest future building, has resumed after a near seven-year delay with the laying of the foundation, a newspaper reported Wednesday. 
 A federal judge has imposed the maximum fine of $300,000 (euro229,200) against a former member of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences who allegedly leaked "screener" copies of movies that were distributed on the Internet. 
 A 14-month-old Iraqi girl who received free treatment in the United States for a possibly fatal growth in her neck began the trip home, about six months after her parents brought her to a U.S. military base in her homeland. 
 The government has ordered civil servants to wear Malaysian-made batik clothes to work on Saturdays as part of efforts to popularize the traditional dyed textile, a newspaper reported Wednesday. 
 Police said Tuesday they have arrested a woman in the abduction of an unborn baby who was cut from its mother's womb while she was unconscious. 
 Foreign Minister Alexander Downer is considering whether the Australian passport of a convicted pedophile who is on parole in Britain can be legally revoked. 
 An investment scheme that targeted Los Angeles' black community bilked at least 1,273 people of more than $25.7 million (euro19.6 million), triple the amount first believed, a court-appointed receiver said Tuesday. 
 Ukraine authorities must cooperate with the international community in investigating reports of irregularities in recent presidential elections, Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said Wednesday. 
 The pilot of a private jet was warned the plane was flying low just before it crashed en route to a scheduled landing in Houston to pick up former President George H.W. Bush, a federal investigator said. 
 The NBA players' union filed an appeal on behalf of Ron Artest and two teammates on the Indiana Pacers who were suspended for their roles in a brawl with Detroit Pistons fans last week. 
 As isolated Laos debuts with its first big conference, residents in the dusty capital who watched a huge venue going up overnight on the Mekong River are wondering: Has all the bustle angered the waterway's snake goddess? 
 A bomb attack in western Bangladesh killed a ruling party member and wounded seven others, an official said Wednesday. 
 Doctors said they successfully treated a teenager with a usually fatal case of rabies by using a novel combination of drugs. 
 Many in Southeast Asia say Australia is too Western to join the region's core club of nations. But Canberra has been given a guest pass for the region's annual conference this week, and the promise of free trade talks soon. 
 Southeast Asia's annual get-together will address key threats to the region's prosperity: Muslim insurgencies, diseases, the flight of foreign investment to China and international concern over Myanmar's stalled moves toward democracy. 
 When Emma Agger turned 6, her father Simon, a diehard European soccer fan, decided she was old enough to watch the game in its native habitat. 
 The U.N. war crimes prosecutor for former Yugoslavia accused the government of Serbia and Montenegro of blocking the handover of top fugitives and dismissed Belgrade's promise of cooperation, saying she wants arrests not words. 
 Amnesty International said Wednesday it was "gravely concerned" over Sri Lanka's decision to reinstate the death penalty and urged the government to reconsider. 
 An Iranian envoy on Wednesday said he had received Chinese support in Tehran's diplomatic campaign to block Washington from having the dispute over Iran's nuclear program referred to the U.N. Security Council. 
 A memorabilia collector was ordered to turn over O.J. Simpson's press credentials from the 1984 Olympics in another tiny step toward satisfying a $33.5 million (euro25.6 million) award in a lawsuit that found Simpson liable for the slayings of his ex-wife and her friend. 
 A 79-year-old woman was arrested at Fort Lauderdale International Airport when security screeners found an unloaded gun in her carry-on bag, sheriff's officials said. 
 An Australian terror suspect trained at an al-Qaida camp in Afghanistan, came into close contact with terror mastermind Osama bin Laden and was involved in plans to break an inmate out of the U.S. military's Guantanamo Bay base in Cuba, a prosecutor told a Melbourne court Wednesday. 
 A youth soccer referee who was beaten bloody by a coach said he will press charges against his attacker. 
 Premier Wen Jiabao will try to expand Chinese export markets in Southeast Asia and ease territorial disputes at a regional summit in Laos next week, the Foreign Ministry said Wednesday. 
 A man who posed as a gynecologist after setting up an office in a self-storage complex was sentenced to four years in prison after pleading guilty to practicing medicine without a license. 
 The living will of a 73-year-old man who is hospitalized and on life support must be respected, a judge ruled, despite his wife's pleas that he be allowed to live. 
 The son of Vietnam's most notorious crime boss has been sentenced to nine years in jail for drug possession and illegal use of fire arms, state-controlled media reported Wednesday. 
 Schools, stores and public services were set to remain closed on most Aegean Sea islands Wednesday as dozens of communities press demands for more frequent ferry services to the mainland. 
 Pakistan's president plans to stop in Washington next week on his way home from Latin America to congratulate U.S. President George W. Bush on his re-election, a government official said Wednesday. 
 Hundreds of people living in public shelters following last month's earthquake in northern Japan began moving to temporary government-built houses on Wednesday. 
 The flight recorders of an airliner that exploded and crashed into a lake in northern China, killing 55 people, were found Wednesday after a three-day search by police and divers, the government said. 
 Australia's decision to exclude its leading Islamic cleric from a conference tackling extremism in Southeast Asia shows the foreign minister "doesn't have a clue" about the Muslim faith, the mufti's spokesman said Wednesday. 
 A crowd of people angry about recent kidnappings at a local school cornered federal agents taking photos of students leaving the building and burned the officers alive Tuesday in Mexico City's southeastern outskirts, the latest example of mob justice in a country beset by corrupt police and high crimes rates. 
 General Electric employee Nadine Meslin says dealing with computer software in any language is tricky, but it's even worse when you're French and the jargon is in English. 
 Border troops in southeastern Bangladesh have discovered an arms and ammunition cache, possibly smuggled from Myanmar, officials said Wednesday. 
 Australia's Kimberley Diamond NL said Wednesday it plans to triple production and become one of the western world's top five diamond miners within three years. 
 They are a political odd couple: Cass Ballenger, a conservative Republican congressman from North Carolina, and Hugo Chavez, Venezuela's mercurial, left-leaning president. 
 Malaysian gaming company Genting Bhd. has won a foothold in the British gambling market through a casino joint venture with Britain's Stanley Leisure, analysts said Wednesday. 
 An ally of presidential candidate Viktor Yushchenko said Wednesday that the opposition is ready to hold talks with President Leonid Kuchma only about the peaceful transfer of power to Yushchenko. 
 Crude oil futures fell slightly Wednesday in Asia as markets waited for the latest report on U.S. stockpiles that will signal whether fears of a heating oil shortage this northern hemisphere winter are warranted. 
 The U.S. dollar was trading at 103.28 yen on the Tokyo foreign exchange market at 5 p.m. (0800 GMT) Wednesday, up 0.10 yen from late Monday. 
 Continued failure by the Cambodian government to stem endemic corruption will deepen poverty in the country and could turn it back into an "authoritarian and conflict-prone state," the World Bank says. 
 British airport operator TBI PLC said Wednesday it has agreed to a takeover by Spanish transport and communications company Abertis and Spain's national airport authority Aena. 
 Air France-KLM SA said Wednesday its net profit rose 41 percent in the second quarter as cost controls imposed following the merger of the French and Dutch flag carriers helped offset a steep rise in fuel prices. 
 Golf great Arnold Palmer and five-time British Open champion Peter Thomson played nine holes Wednesday in an exhibition of former Australian Open champions who, combined, had more major titles than the entire field at this week's Centenary tournament. 
 The World Conservation Union on Wednesday elected a former South African Cabinet minister to be its president for the next four years. 
 The World Bank congratulated Bosnian authorities on the establishment of the state Investment Guarantee Agency, a bank official said Wednesday. 
 China denied Wednesday that it has moved thousands of troops to its border with North Korea, rejecting suggestions of possible political instability in its communist ally and saying economic reforms there are working. 
 For sale: Bulletproof limousine, once owned by China's best-known smuggling suspect. Price: Rock-bottom. 
 Zimbabwe moved closer to passing a contentious law that would restrict foreign funding of human rights groups, as President Robert Mugabe's ruling party defeated filibusters by the opposition. 
 Police said Wednesday they had arrested a suspected member of the Red Brigades terrorist organization who carried out robberies to help finance the group. 
 Tokyo stocks bounced back slightly Wednesday from sharp losses earlier this week as investors bought select technology blue chips and real estate issues. The U.S. dollar edged higher against the Japanese yen. 
 Mongolian teenager Hakuho upset compatriot Asashoryu on Wednesday to hand the grand champion his first loss of the Kyushu Grand Sumo Tournament. 
 Sri Lanka's former finance minister criticized the government Wednesday for having no credible plan to prop up the rupee, which has lost about 8.5 percent against the U.S. dollar this year. 
 Fast bowling great Dennis Lillee has cut ties with Australia's Cricket Academy after failing to come to terms on a new coaching contract. 
 North Korea gave a "positive" message to a visiting U.N. official about resuming six-nation talks on its nuclear weapons programs, South Korea's government said Wednesday. 
 Despite improving relations with Pakistan, India's oil minister remained noncommittal Wednesday about joining a proposed plan to build a pipeline through Pakistan to link India with Iran's massive gas fields. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair faced growing accusations Wednesday that his government is playing politics with fear and using the threat of terrorism to boost its chances of re-election. 
 Viacom will pay a record US$3.5 million (euro2.67 million) to settle dozens of federal investigations into alleged indecency on TV and the radio, and introduce delays in more live programming to help catch troublesome material before it gets on the air. 
 The U.S. dollar slid to a new low Wednesday against the euro, which rose to US$1.3130 in morning trading _ breaking a day-old record as jittery markets kept up pressure on the U.S. currency. 
 The U.S. Embassy on Wednesday reopened its consular office in Bombay after shutting it for a day following a threat of a possible terrorist attack. 
 As Congress and others lobby to create an independent board to review the safety of prescription drugs, a dozen states have been doing just that. 
 The brother of baby Azaria Chamberlain, whose disappearance in the remote Outback 24 years ago became one of Australia's most enduring mysteries, revealed Wednesday he had been vilified as a suspected killer. 
 Chinese police have detained nine people in connection with a massive blaze at an iron ore mine that killed 65 people, the government said Wednesday. 
 A dome by any other name would erupt so strong. But, alas, what's in a name might have tormented Shakespeare as it has even the most savvy of scientists. 
 UFJ, one of Japan's "Big Four" banking groups, announced Wednesday it suffered a net loss of 674.3 billion yen (US$6.5 billion; euro5 billion) in the first six months of the fiscal year as it struggled to rid itself of mounting bad debts. 
 Lawyers representing the families of 155 skiers and snowboarders killed in an alpine cable car fire in 2000 were pressing Austrian officials Wednesday for euro120 million (US$155 million) in compensation for the relatives. 
 German President Horst Koehler gave a pair of prestigious Zeiss binoculars to Estonian President Arnold Ruutel on start of his tour of the Baltic nation, and prepared to meet with the country's prime minister Wednesday to discuss Estonia's new ties to Europe. 
 The theme from "Rocky" blares from a rickety white van that David Timothy calls his "SoupMobile." 
 Vietnam is engaged in talks with nearly 30 countries in its bid to join the World Trade Organization next year and has seen encouraging signs in negotiations with the United States, Vietnam's deputy prime minister said Wednesday. 
 Arsonists used a fire bomb to attack a branch office of the main opposition Socialist Party in Greece's second largest city early Wednesday, police said. The bomb caused minor damages and no injuries. 
 Denmark's resurgent Thomas Bjorn joins Irish Ryder Cup hero Paul McGinley and Chinese ace Zhang Lianwei in this week's 2005 European PGA season opening China Open in Shanghai. 
 German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder called Wednesday for a peaceful resolution of the crisis over Ukraine's disputed presidential election, arguing that a violent escalation must be avoided. 
 Italian judges and prosecutors went on a one-day strike Wednesday to protest a reform that they contend will curb their independence. 
 Dutch Princess Laurentien will be the second European royal to become a goodwill ambassador for next year's celebrations marking the bicentennial of Danish fairy tale writer Hans Christian Andersen, organizers said Wednesday. 
 Four Islamic militants wanted for the Sept. 9 suicide bombing at the Australian Embassy in Jakarta have been arrested, including the alleged planner and two bomb-makers, Indonesia's police chief announced Wednesday. 
 Two suspected Taliban gunmen fatally shot a local security chief and two government militiamen in a drive-by attack in southern Afghanistan, police said Wednesday. 
 Police Wednesday arrested a suspected member of the Red Brigades terrorist organization who allegedly carried out robberies to help finance the group, officials said. 
 An earthquake that shook southeastern Albania damaged 66 homes and schools and a segment of a national road but caused no injuries, Albanian emergency services reported Wednesday. 
 Economic growth in Spain grew 0.6 in the third quarter and 2.6 percent on the year because of healthy domestic demand, the National Statistics Institute said Wednesday. 
 Kyrgyzstan's intelligence agency on Wednesday warned the opposition and human rights activists against accusing it of kidnapping a prominent government critic and using his disappearance for political purposes. 
 Gunmen attacked a truck Wednesday in western Baghdad, killing its Kurdish driver, police said. 
 Joseph John Sisco, a diplomat whose U.S. State Department career spanned five presidential administrations, is dead of complications from diabetes at age 85. 
 A vaccine to protect humans from the deadly bird flu virus is expected to be ready by 2007 after clinical trials are carried out in Thailand, health officials said Wednesday. 
 The first test of the two-match series between India and South Africa ended in a draw Wednesday. 
 Police said Wednesday they seized 3 metric tonnes (3.3 tons) of hashish with an estimated street value of euro15 million ($20 million) from a motorboat off the Portuguese coast in their second major drug haul in a week. 
 With tens of thousands of opposition demonstrators in the Ukrainian capital for a third consecutive day Wednesday, an ally of opposition presidential candidate Viktor Yushchenko said the only thing to negotiate with Ukraine's authorities is the transfer of power. 
 Hoping to avoid the government's ire, the creator of a reality TV show that helps furious lovers track down and confront their philandering mates is trying to tone down the show's tawdriness. 
 Pope John Paul II told Ukrainians Wednesday he was praying in a "special way" for Ukraine, which has been convulsed this week with protests over its disputed presidential election. 
 The U.S. dollar sank to another record low against the euro in European trading Wednesday morning. Gold prices rose. 
 Associates of Osama bin Laden asked an Australian recruit to act as a sleeper agent in the country _ a key U.S. ally _ and undertake surveillance of military installations, a court was told Wednesday. 
 A Malaysian man must pay film studios $23.8 million for running a Web site that allowed paying members to watch pirated movies, the Motion Picture Association said. 
 Crude oil futures fell in Europe Wednesday as markets waited for the latest report on U.S. stockpiles that will signal whether fears of a heating oil shortage this northern hemisphere winter are warranted. 
 Iranian Nobel Peace Prize winner Shirin Ebadi indicated Wednesday there was little hope that January elections in Iraq would lead to a stable democracy there or elsewhere in the Mideast, calling the U.S.-led invasion misguided. 
 The British Prime Minister Tony Blair and his Irish counterpart, Bertie Ahern, made a new push Wednesday to secure a power-sharing deal between the two largest and most hard-line parties in Northern Ireland. 
 Electrolux AB, the world's biggest maker of household appliances, said Wednesday it will close a manufacturing plant in France, eliminating 240 jobs. 
 Judge Baltasar Garzon was on Wednesday to question the imam of a northeastern Spanish town arrested for suspected ties to a radical Islamic cell that allegedly plotted to blow up the courthouse at the center of the country's anti-terror investigations, court officials said. 
 Gunmen ambushed a taxi carrying an Iraqi National Guard soldier to work south of Baghdad on Wednesday, hospital officials said. 
 The chairman of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe voiced concern Wednesday about reports of voting fraud in Ukraine's disputed presidential election. 
 Three border guards have died in avalanches in Russia's North Caucasus region, officials said Wednesday. 
 France's government said Wednesday it has asked power and gas utilities Electricite de France and Gaz de France to prepare for their partial privatization in 2005. 
 A South African court ruled Wednesday that Sir Mark Thatcher, son of former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, has to answer questions from Equatorial Guinea authorities, who allege he financed a coup plot in the central African country. 
 Serbia will lose Western support and face isolation unless the government arrests and extradites the Serb war crimes suspects sought by the U.N. tribunal, an adviser to the Balkan republic's pro-Western president warned Wednesday. 
 More than 500 candidates will compete for 120 parliamentary seats in elections next month, newspapers said Wednesday, but none will represent opposition parties, which have been barred from running and have urged voters to boycott the polls. 
 The British government on Wednesday urged greater international efforts to tackle global poverty and warned that without more money and political will, United Nations development goals would not be met. 
 Prime Minister Ariel Sharon postponed a meeting with British Foreign Minister Jack Straw on Wednesday over a sore throat he was suffering, his office said. 
 Weekslong flooding in an underground depot of Serbia's National Library has damaged over 1,000 books and is threatening thousands more, head of the library warned Wednesday. 
 President Vaira Vike-Freiberga nominated Aigars Kalvitis on Wednesday to be the country's next prime minister, citing his ability to forge a new coalition government. 
 Three Italians died in the crash of a small plane near N'djamena, the capital of Chad, the Italian Foreign Ministry said Wednesday. 
 A Bahamas-flagged freighter that ran aground near a Baltic Sea island was leaking diesel oil into the water, a coast guard spokeswoman said Wednesday. 
 Ugandan soldiers attacked insurgents in neighboring southern Sudan, killing 10 of the Ugandan rebels a day before a cease-fire in Uganda's devastated north was to end, a military intelligence officer said Wednesday. 
 European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso warned Wednesday of "consequences" for the European Union's political and trade relations with neighboring Ukraine if the government there does not allow a full review of contested presidential election results. 
 Thousands of workers at luxury carmaker Jaguar will vote on a strike to protest the company's decision to end production at its headquarters in Coventry, central England. 
 The U.S. Embassy in Tajikistan expressed concern Wednesday over the suspension of an independent newspaper's distribution, calling it a curb on press freedom in the former Soviet republic. 
 A 38-year-old with degrees in psychology, education and computer science needed only 11.8 seconds to calculate the 13th root of a 100-digit number in his head, setting a new record, organizers said. 
 Nineveh province's deputy governor said his convoy came under gunfire Wednesday in northern Mosul, killing one of his bodyguards and injuring two others. An Interior Ministry special forces member in the area was also killed, he said. 
 Efforts to forge closer ties between the European Union and Libya will depend on the fate of five Bulgarian nurses facing a death sentence there, the new president of the EU's head office said Wednesday. 
 Thousands of people protested in Sri Lanka's capital Wednesday demanding that Norwegian peace brokers pressure Tamil Tiger rebels to end a series of alleged killings. 
 Patricia Hanebeck scored a late goal Wednesday to seal a 3-1 win for Germany over the United States and book a place in the FIFA Under-19 Women's World Championship. 
 The British and Irish prime ministers, Tony Blair and Bertie Ahern, made a new push Wednesday to secure a power-sharing deal between the two largest and most hard-line parties in Northern Ireland. 
 A man who slashed 25 children with a kitchen knife at a grade school in eastern China was executed Wednesday, the official Xinhua News Agency said. 
 Mitsubishi Fuso said Wednesday it is halting some truck sales in Japan and recalling 136,000 trucks for wheel problems, the latest embarrassment for the Japanese truck maker plagued by repeated recalls and scandals. 
 Stuttgart, Newcastle, Middlesbrough and Ukraine's Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk could advance to the UEFA Cup knockout stage with wins Thursday. 
 Three U.N. workers freed by kidnappers in Afghanistan rejoiced at their freedom Wednesday and said they were sustained through 27 days of captivity by thoughts of their family and friends. 
 India's spin bowlers rocked the South African top order and pace bowler Makhaya Ntini claimed three quick wickets Wednesday before the series opener meandered to a tame draw. 
 The United Nations has condemned a rebel attack in Darfur province, saying it violates a cease-fire agreement and jeopardises the lives of tens of thousands of people who will not receive aid because of the fighting. 
 The European Union insisted Wednesday its antitrust case against Microsoft Corp. remains intact despite a surprise meeting called by the judge following the desertion of two of the EU's biggest allies. 
 A Kosovo court sentenced three ethnic Albanians for participating in the burning and the looting of a Serb Orthodox church, a U.N. spokesman said Wednesday. 
 Poland's central bank made no changes to key interest rates Wednesday for the third straight month as the zloty continues to strengthen. 
 Suspected Muslim insurgents fatally shot a grocery store owner and a security guard Wednesday in Thailand's troubled south, police said, as authorities intensified efforts to find the masterminds behind the region's violence. 
 Fifteen soldiers convicted in the 1983 murder of opposition leader Benigno Aquino Jr. appealed Wednesday for a fresh trial, saying a new witness and forensic evidence would clear them. 
 Uzbekistan and Russian energy giant Lukoil ratified on Wednesday a 35-year deal to invest US$1 billion (euro760 million) in an Uzbek gas field. 
 A former British spy credited with using his cover as a passport officer to save thousands of Jews from Nazi Germany was honored as "a true British hero" Wednesday at his country's embassy in Berlin. 
 Elections in Iraq in January will be possible but difficult, France's foreign minister said Wednesday, adding that the European Union is ready to help. 
 The Hamburg Sea Devils on Wednesday became the fifth NFL Europe team to be based in Germany. 
 The government on Wednesday denied media reports it is planning to scrap a euro4.9 billion ($6.4 billion) deal to buy 60 Eurofighter jets. 
 As Russia and the European Union headed for a summit Thursday, rancor over the disputed Ukrainian election strained ties and persistent differences on a range of fundamental issues clouded hopes for a deep-reaching new partnership deal. 
 The body of a man washed up on the banks of the Danube River, and authorities said Wednesday they believe the victim was one of four people missing and presumed drowned in a Nov. 4 boat collision. 
 Pakistan's prime minister, in New Delhi for a rare meeting with his Indian counterpart amid an often-stumbling peace process, insisted Wednesday that "Pakistan wants peace with India." 
 Turkish Foreign Minister Abdullah Gul pressed top European Union officials Wednesday for a decision to start EU membership talks at a crucial summit next month. 
 Anglo Irish Bank Corp. PLC posted strong full-year profits Wednesday and reinforced its reputation among stockbrokers as one of Europe's best-performing small banks. 
 President Jacques Chirac's visit Wednesday to Libya was headed for a rocky start, with a disagreement between his government and Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi over French intervention in Ivory Coast. 
 Harry Redknapp quit Wednesday as manager of Portsmouth, citing the need to take "a complete break from the game". 
 U.S. troops marked the end of their peacekeeping role in Bosnia on Wednesday as NATO prepares to hand over peacekeeping duties to the European Union in December. 
 Iran is seeking a last-minute exception to its commitment to stop all uranium enrichment activities by demanding the right to operate dozens of centrifuges, diplomats said Wednesday. 
 Israel will allow international observers to monitor upcoming Palestinian presidential elections, fulfilling an important Palestinian demand, Israel's foreign minister said Wednesday. 
 A soccer fan was fined a 1,000 pounds (US$1,880, euro1,430) and banned from soccer grounds for the maximum five years on Wednesday when he pleaded guilty to racially abusing Birmingham City striker Dwight Yorke. 
 The trial of seven people accused of running a child sex abuse ring out of a state-run children's home begins Thursday, two years after a whistle blower exposed the alleged abuses, unleashing a scandal that has gripped Portugal. 
 Pope John Paul II told Ukrainians Wednesday he was praying in a "special way" for Ukraine, which has been convulsed this week with protests over its disputed presidential election. 
 A Malaysian man must pay film studios $23.8 million (euro18.2 million) for running a Web site that allowed paying members to watch pirated movies, the Motion Picture Association of America said. 
 European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso said Wednesday his new 24-member executive team enacted a stricter code of conduct at its first meeting Monday that gives him the power to send any member packing. 
 French Finance Minister Nicolas Sarkozy said he hasn't yet decided whether to run for president in 2007, in remarks published Wednesday as he prepares to leave government to lead the ruling party. 
 Gaming tycoon Stanley Ho will open a new casino in Macau in an attempt to fend off competition from Las Vegas rivals after losing a four-decade monopoly in the gambling enclave. 
 Morgan Turinui will start as center and Elton Flatley returns as flyhalf for Australia's rugby match against England at Twickenham on Saturday as coach Eddie Jones rearranges his side to deal with injuries. 
 Xiang Liu's world record equaling run in the 110 meters hurdles at the Athens Olympic Games was ratified Wednesday by the International Association of Athletic Federations. 
 Opposition presidential candidate Viktor Yushchenko said Wednesday that he is not opposed to a repeat vote. 
 A hardline ally of former Yugoslav leader Slobodan Milosevic on Wednesday congratulated Ukraine's pro-Russian prime minister on his "election victory" in the country's disputed presidential vote. 
 Vahid Shamsaee scored three goals Wednesday to lead Iran to an 8-3 victory over Cuba in the FIFA Futsal World Championship. 
 The European Union insisted Wednesday its antitrust case against Microsoft Corp. remains intact despite a surprise meeting called by the judge following the desertion of two of the EU's biggest allies. 
 The government will seek additional guarantees over a deal to buy Russian anti-aircraft missiles that is currently the subject of a corruption probe by Greece's parliament. 
 European countries should compile and share a list of companies implicated in soliciting bribes in exchange for contracts, the head of Transparency International told a conference Wednesday examining ways to widen the crackdown on corruption. 
 Celebrated opera singer Willard White took another kind of bow Wednesday, bending before Queen Elizabeth II as she awarded him a knighthood. 
 Michele Bartoli announced Wednesday he was retiring from professional cycling, one year before his contract with the Danish team CSC expires. 
 Crude oil futures fell in Europe Wednesday as markets waited for the latest report on U.S. stockpiles that will signal whether fears of a heating oil shortage this northern hemisphere winter are warranted. 
 German President Horst Koehler on Wednesday strongly urged the European Union to show a united front in its policies toward Russia, citing the country's apparent unwillingness to sign border treaties with its EU neighbors Estonia and Latvia. 
 Documents purported to be transcripts of top-level ruling party meetings have surfaced ahead of Romania's Sunday elections, showing ministers allegedly talking about intervening in court cases, intimidating the opposition and rigging votes in Parliament. 
 Three weeks after the general election, New Mexico's canvassing board officially declared President George W. Bush the winner by 5,988 votes, or less than 1 percentage point. 
 A crowd of people angry about recent kidnappings at a local school cornered federal agents taking photos of students leaving the building and burned the officers alive Tuesday on Mexico City's southern edge, the latest example of mob justice in a country beset by corrupt police and high crimes rates. 
 A unit of the industrial, financial and media conglomerate General Electric Co. said Wednesday it will buy the water treatment company Ionics Inc. for $1.1 billion (euro840 million) in cash. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair faced fresh accusations Wednesday that he misled Britain about the case for war in Iraq, as lawmakers stepped up their campaign to have him impeached. 
 It looks like Sarah Jessica Parker is too sexy for some Israelis' tastes. 
 Two weeks after Portsmouth appointed Croatian unknown Velimir Zajec as executive director, Harry Redknapp quit as manager on Wednesday, citing the need to take "a complete break from the game". 
 Argentina will field the same lineup that beat Six Nations champion France when it meets Ireland at Lansdowne Road on Saturday. 
 Ozzy Osbourne and Liza Minnelli will perform at the annual Royal Variety show in front of Prince Charles at London's Coliseum Theatre on Dec. 14, organizers said Wednesday. 
 The European Union urged Turkey Wednesday to accelerate legal reforms if it wants EU leaders to decide next month to open membership talks with Ankara. 
 Albania's government said Wednesday that next year's parliamentary elections would be decisive in its integration efforts with the European Union. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair's government was accused Wednesday of playing politics with fear and using the threat of terrorism to boost its chances of re-election. 
 The board of national carrier Air-India on Wednesday approved the purchase of 50 new aircraft as part of an ambitious expansion program, an airline spokesman said Wednesday. 
 The U.S. dollar slid to a new low Wednesday against the euro, which rose to US$1.3170 _ breaking a day-old record as jittery markets kept up pressure on the U.S. currency. 
 The U.S. dollar sank to another record low against the euro in European trading Wednesday morning. Gold prices were mostly lower. 
 A soccer fan was fined 1,000 pounds (US$1,880, euro1,430) and banned from soccer grounds for the maximum five years on Wednesday when he pleaded guilty to racially abusing Birmingham City striker Dwight Yorke. 
 Brazilian striker Robinho said Wednesday he plans to stay with Santos but won't play until his mother is released by kidnappers. 
 The European Union's new trade chief offered his support Wednesday to proposals to increase efficiency and accountability at the lumbering World Trade Organization. 
 Actor Danny Glover said Wednesday the world should ban land mines because "no weapon should outlast war itself." 
 What ails Viktor Yushchenko? 
 German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder discussed Ukraine's election crisis Wednesday with Russian President Vladimir Putin, and the two leaders agreed that a peaceful solution must be found, a spokesman for Schroeder said. 
 King Juan Carlos is taking to his private meeting Wednesday with President George W. Bush a personal message from Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero. 
 Russian No. 2 oil producer Lukoil announced Wednesday it would send 33,000 barrels per day to China in the first quarter of 2005, partly covering shipments to the energy-hungry country that were slashed by the embattled Yukos oil giant. 
 On two legs, and sometimes four, they braved gunfire, bombs and minefields to help Britain in wartime. 
 The World Trade Organization on Wednesday held off on approving stiff sanctions on U.S. exports ranging from cod to mobile homes intended to punish Washington for failing to repeal the so-called Byrd amendment. 
 Jordan said Wednesday it and Syria have agreed in principle to redraw their borders for the first time since 1970, when Syrian troops advanced southward during a conflict between Jordan and Palestinian guerrillas opposed to this kingdom's Hashemite monarchy. 
 President Vaira Vike-Freiberga nominated Aigars Kalvitis on Wednesday to be the country's next prime minister, calling him the best chance for the country's political parties to form a stable government. 
 Edmonton will host the 2006 women's rugby World Cup, the International Rugby Board announced Wednesday. 
 The chairman of a top Italian manufacturer of appliances, Merloni Elettrodomestici SpA, won an award Wednesday for helping to boost Italian image and sales abroad. 
 European stocks were mostly lower Wednesday as strong corporate earnings were offset by the effect of the weak dollar on European exporters. 
 Steadying oil prices and lower-than-expected unemployment claims cheered Wall Street Wednesday, pushing stocks higher in light pre-holiday trading. 
 Shares in Italy's largest publicly traded construction firm, Impregilo, lost more than a third of their value Wednesday amid concerns about an investigation into suspected false accounting at the firm. 
 American International Group Inc., one of the biggest U.S. insurance companies, said Wednesday would pay $126 million (euro95.85 million) to settle allegations by federal authorities that it helped two customer companies commit accounting fraud. 
 Share prices on the London Stock Exchange fell 0.5 percent Wednesday. 
 A soccer fan was hospitalized Wednesday after clashes broke out between supporters of crosstown first division rivals AEK Athens and Panathinaikos, police said. 
 Two key appointments were made Wednesday to the organizing committee of the 2006 Winter Olympics but approval of the games' budget was put off for a month. 
 Most of Hungary's 300 troops in Iraq will come home by Christmas, a government spokesman said Wednesday. 
 A High Court judge on Wednesday approved a debt-for-equity survival plan developed by MyTravel, clearing the way for the troubled travel company to present the proposal to shareholders and creditors next month. 
 Lech Walesa, the founder of Poland's Solidarity movement, will travel to Ukraine to act as a mediator in the standoff over the disputed presidential elections there, his son said Wednesday. 
 England's cricket tour to Zimbabwe was on the brink of being called off on Wednesday when the team canceled its flight to Harare just two days before the first game. 
 Author Larry Brown, who wrote about the often rough, gritty lives of rural American Southerners, died Wednesday at his home, his publisher said. He was 53. 
 Dutch police have arrested six suspects in the burning of an Islamic elementary school, a spokeswoman said Wednesday. 
 The Netherlands called for a review of alleged irregularities in the recent disputed elections in Ukraine and will send a special envoy to the country to discuss the situation there, the European Union Presidency said Wednesday. 
 A federal judge has ordered the Boston Police Department to end a program that requires the hiring of one minority candidate for every white candidate 30 years after it was put in place, ruling that minority hiring goals have been met. 
 Violence and discrimination make women more vulnerable to AIDS and are turning the growing spread of the disease among women into a human rights' issue, Amnesty International said in a new report Wednesday. 
 Alcan Inc. and aluminum competitor Alcoa have signed a protocol of negotiation with the government of the Republic of Guinea to develop an alumina refinery in the west African nation. 
 A proposal to settle a lawsuit brought last year by shareholders of PeopleSoft Inc. failed to clear court Wednesday after a judge found it unfairly cut off their right to sue over the company's resistance to a takeover by Oracle Corp. 
 Argentina striker Luciano Figueroa joined Villarreal from Mexico's Cruz Azul, the Spanish club said. 
 Texas scientists working with mice say a single dose of a common protein appears to protect the heart muscle from extensive damage after a heart attack. 
 Former world champion Michele Bartoli said he was retiring from professional cycling on Wednesday, one year before his contract with the Danish team CSC expires. 
 What ails Viktor Yushchenko? 
 George Weah, a former FIFA player of the year revered in his hero-hungry country, returned home Wednesday to launch a presidential bid in war-scarred Liberia. 
 Spanish director Pedro Almodovar's latest film, "Bad Education," has been slapped with an explicit rating in the United States. 
 Former FIFA player of the year George Weah returned to war-scarred Liberia on Wednesday to launch a presidential bid in his hero-hungry homeland. 
 Rwanda warned it will launch an attack "very soon" on Rwandan Hutu rebels sheltering in eastern Congo, the U.N. mission said Wednesday in an ominous development that raised fears of renewed central African conflict. A Rwandan official denied the allegations. 
 Incubus' lead singer pleaded guilty to disorderly conduct and was fined $250 (euro190) for carrying a switchblade in his bag while trying to board a plane. 
 Bruce Willis filed a negligence lawsuit against Revolution Studios for pyrotechnic injuries allegedly suffered during filming of the action film "Tears of the Sun." 
 Marilyn Manson: shock rocker. Self-proclaimed "Antichrist Superstar." Philosophy professor? 
 Cleveland Cavaliers forward Sasha Pavlovic was placed on the injured list on Wednesday because of tendinitis in his right knee. The 2.01-meter forward from Serbia-Montenegro is averaging 3.6 points and 1.2 rebounds in nine games. 
 Hollywood writers have approved a three-year, $58 million (euro44 million) contract with studios, producers and TV networks, union officials said. 
 A beer garden that usually hosts polka bands may get fined after a raunchy performance by rap group 2 Live Crew. 
 Real Madrid could land in trouble with UEFA after its Champions League game against Bayer Leverkusen was marred by racist abuse, a repeat of incidents during an international match at the club's stadium last week. 
 Actress and comedian Ellen DeGeneres gave her talk show audience, all of whom were family or friends of U.S. troops serving in Iraq, the gift of a free cruise at a taping this week. 
 A year ago the free-falling Dominican peso was thrusting many families into deeper poverty, driving up the prices of everything from rice to light bulbs. 
 Discus thrower Robert Fazekas was banned for one year for doping by the Hungarian Athletics Federation on Wednesday, but dismissed similar charges against hammer thrower Adrian Annus. 
 Franco Zeffirelli, who has directed a series of Shakespeare movies and has often worked with British actors, received an honorary knighthood from Britain on Wednesday. 
 Nicaragua's army destroyed 334 portable surface-to-air missiles on Wednesday in an action U.S. officials had sought as part of the war on terror. But a new law and a court order could block further demolition. 
 The most popular driver opened the year with a win in the biggest race of them all, and the most hated driver closed the season by taking home the only trophy that really matters. 
 Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez arrived in this North African country on Wednesday and is expected to sign an oil cooperation agreement with Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi. 
 Congress' investigative agency, responding to complaints from around the United States, has begun to look into this month's vote count, including the handling of provisional ballots and malfunctions of voting machines. 
 CBS television doesn't expect to name the next anchorman of the "CBS Evening News" until at least the beginning of next year. 
 Gold for current delivery closed at $449.30 per troy ounce Wednesday on the New York Mercantile Exchange, up from $447.80 late Tuesday. 
 Crude oil futures rose Wednesday ahead of an extended weekend for traders, even though weekly government data showed rising domestic inventories of crude and distillate fuel, which includes heating oil. 
 Countering severe criticism of the CIA, the agency's departing deputy director called for an end to the "tirades and hyperbole" that he said are hampering constructive debate about needed intelligence reform. 
 The Italian government won a vote of confidence Wednesday to push through parliament a contested environment bill that the opposition says benefits Premier Silvio Berlusconi. 
 Police in Belfast announced Wednesday they are mounting extra patrols to deter Irish Republican Army dissidents, who have planted several firebombs in department stores and other downtown shops. 
 After years of legal tussling, Nirvana's much-anticipated box set can finally introduce hundreds of thousands of fans to rare recordings and even living-room video of the groundbreaking grunge rockers. 
 Increasingly, Russian President Vladimir Putin walks alone. 
 The National Hockey League players' association will begin issuing lockout pay to more than 730 players. 
 The stock market closed. 
 Republican Dino Rossi came out ahead of Democrat Christine Gregoire by just 42 votes Wednesday in the recount for Washington state governor, and the Democrats are expected to demand yet another recount. 
 United Airlines has given its pilots' union a series of suggestions for making more than $191 million (euro145 million) in wage and benefit cuts the carrier says it needs to pull out of bankruptcy _ from a straight 18 percent pay cut to smaller cuts and changes in work rules. 
 Ukraine's roiling political crisis hit a new crescendo Wednesday as election officials declared Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych the next president and opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko responded with a risky call for a nationwide strike to protest what his camp contends was brazen vote fraud. 
 Stocks closed slightly higher in lackluster pre-holiday trading Wednesday, with a better-than-expected government report on oil inventories and good unemployment figures giving investors reasons to buy stocks. 
 The United Nations has condemned the rebel capture of a town in Darfur province, saying it violates a cease-fire agreement and jeopardizes the lives of tens of thousands of people who will not receive aid because of the fighting. 
 Spain's king brought President George W. Bush a message of goodwill Wednesday from Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero, whose vocal opposition to the Iraq war has chilled U.S.-Spanish relations. 
 As many as 260,000 Mexicans have the HIV virus, but the official number of cases remains far lower because thousands of those infected don't know they have it, the country's top HIV-AIDS expert said Wednesday. 
 Pressure is building on the Indian team from millions of home fans to deliver its first home test series victory in two years when it take on South Africa in the second and final test Sunday. 
 A U.S. soldier was killed early Saturday when a roadside bomb exploded near an American patrol north of Baghdad, the military said. 
 Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra made a one-day trip to southern Thailand Saturday to discuss with security officials ways of quelling the region's bloody sectarian violence. 
 An official in the Iraqi Communist party was assassinated northeast of Baghdad, a party spokesman said Saturday. 
 A series of aftershocks in Indonesia's remote Papua province on Saturday hampered rescue efforts a day after a major earthquake killed at least 13 people and injured 65. 
 Australia and New Zealand should sign a nonagression pact with Southeast Asian nations to ease suspicions about the two Oceania countries as they prepare for greater economic integration with Southeast Asia, officials urged Saturday. 
 Sri Lankan offspinner Muttiah Muralitharan can bowl again after his Australian surgeon ruled him sufficiently recovered from shoulder surgery, the player's manager said Saturday. 
 It will be sunny Sunday along the Mediterranean Coast of Africa on southward to Guinea, Chad and Ethiopia. 
 Indian captain Sourav Ganguly said Sunday he is elated with a decision by the International Cricket Council's appeal commissioner to uphold his appeal against a two-test ban. 
 Police closed a stretch of a key Austrian highway linking Germany and Italy on Saturday as trucking companies staged a blockade to protest high taxes and highway fees. 
 Welshman Stephen Dodd shot a two-under 70 on Saturday to hang on to the lead after the third round of the China Open and keep alive his chances of a first-ever European Tour victory. 
 Grand champion Asashoryu overpowered Chiyotaikai on Saturday to win the Emperor's Cup on the second last day of the Kyushu Grand Sumo Tournament. 
 A white opposition legislator jailed following a scuffle with government ministers has been moved to another prison in an apparent bid to harass his supporters, his wife said Saturday. 
 Visiting South African cricketers bowed their heads and prayed at Mother Teresa's tomb in this eastern Indian city on Saturday, a day before the start of the second and final cricket test against India. 
 It's easy _ particularly during the holidays _ not to notice the homeless inside New York's two airports. 
 Insurgents attacked and briefly occupied a government building in a town north of the capital early Saturday before U.S. troops and government forces drove them out, officials said. 
 North Korea on Saturday condemned news reports that portraits of totalitarian leader Kim Jong Il have been removed from public places, calling them "a foolish attempt to take the sun down from the sky." 
 South Africa's Ryk Neethling finished first in the 50-meter butterfly and the 200-meter freestyle Saturday to win two events for the second night in a row at a World Cup short-course swim meet at the Melbourne Sports and Aquatic Center. 
 Iran on Saturday freed 193 Pakistanis who had been arrested for allegedly entering the country illegally, a Pakistani immigration official said. 
 An ultralight aircraft flipped during a hard landing, heavily damaging the plane, authorities said Saturday. The pilot and a passenger escaped injury. 
 Malaysia's long-standing ambition to hold a summit of East Asian countries failed to get off the ground Saturday when regional rival Indonesia refused to support the plan at a foreign ministers' meeting, officials said. 
 Assailants ambushed and wounded a prominent Kosovo businessman in the western part of the province, a police official said Saturday. 
 A man was arrested outside a Swedish high-security prison after shooting mobile phones into the prison yard with a bow and arrows, police said Saturday. 
 A Pakistani court Saturday cleared a senior Shiite Muslim leader and two other men of accusations that they played a role in last year's assassination of a rival lawmaker. 
 It was all a close call, but as Zimbabwe Cricket chairman Peter Chingoka predicted, cricket will finally get underway Sunday at the Harare Sports Club in the first of four limited-over internationals between Zimbabwe and England. 
 Singapore on Saturday dispatched a troop landing ship with a crew of 180 to Iraq in the city-state's latest military contribution to coalition forces. 
 Two European engineers working at a power plant near the Bangladeshi capital have died of suspected alcohol poisoning, police said Saturday. 
 Three people died and about a dozen were injured on Saturday in three separate explosions in Baghdad, police and hospital sources said. 
 Saudi Deputy Defense Minister Prince Khaled bin Sultan met Saturday with the head of the U.S. Central Command, the official Saudi Press Agency reported. 
 Long-delayed municipal elections scheduled for Saturday in Nigeria's troubled oil-port city of Warri were postponed again amid fears of violence between rival ethnic militia groups, officials said. 
 An eight-person working group has been established to find a way out of the political crisis that has gripped Ukraine in the wake of a disputed presidential election. Four of the members represent Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych, whom the elections commission says won the election, and four represent Viktor Yushchenko, who claims the vote was rigged and whose supporters are jamming central Kiev: 
 New elections in Ukraine are the only possible solution to the current standoff between rival presidential candidates, Dutch Foreign Minister Ben Bot said Saturday. 
 Turkmenistan's parliament ratified a friendship agreement with Uzbekistan on Saturday, moving to improve ties strained in 2002 when Turkmen officials accused the neighboring country of involvement in an alleged plot to assassinate their president. 
 South African captain Graeme Smith bruised his left foot and was using crutches to walk on Saturday, a day before the start of the second and final cricket test against India. 
 Attackers shouting racist slurs opened fire on a Muslim prayer leader and scrawled a swastika in front of his door in the latest in an increase of racist incidents on the French island of Corsica, police said. 
 Bangladesh said Saturday that it hopes a South Asian regional forum will use the next decade to implement declarations adopted over the years, with emphasis on trade and social advancements. 
 Nearly 350 families belonging to a radical landless workers' group seized a farm owned by the Rev. Sun Myung Moon's Unification Church in the Brazilian state of Mato Grosso do Sul, local media reported Saturday. 
 Pope John Paul II, in a gesture of friendship with the Orthodox Church, on Saturday handed over the bones of two early Christian saints that were brought to Rome from ancient Constantinople centuries ago. 
 A look at efforts to find a way out of Ukraine's political crisis, which was sparked by an allegedly fraudulent presidential election a week ago: 
 Actress Vanessa Redgrave and her brother, political activist Corin Redgrave, on Saturday launched a political party devoted to human rights, called the Peace and Progress Party. 
 Rwanda's President Paul Kagame said Saturday that he has not ruled out sending troops to eastern Congo if Hutu rebels continue to threaten his country. 
 France on Saturday marked what President Jacques Chirac called a "sad anniversary" _ 100 days since two French reporters were taken hostage in Iraq. 
 Prime Minister Ayad Allawi will attend a meeting in Jordan aimed at achieving reconciliation with former Baath Party leaders who fled the country in the wake of the U.S. invasion, a spokesman said Saturday. 
 Maoist rebels on Saturday rejected the latest offer and deadline set by the Nepalese government for peace talks, saying they would only agree for negotiations in the presence of international mediators. 
 Slovakia's former president has traveled to Ukraine to address demonstrators in Kiev protesting that country's disputed presidential election, a Foreign Ministry spokesman said Saturday. 
 German police have found the burned body of a man they believe was behind a string of letter-bomb attacks in the southern state of Bavaria, and said Saturday he apparently killed himself as they closed in. 
 Former European 1,500-meter champion Franco Arese was elected president of the Italian Athletics Federation (FIDAL) on Saturday. 
 A newly rebuilt public library in Egypt, a school in a poverty-ridden village in sub-Saharan Africa and the landmark twin towers of the Malaysian capital were among seven buildings honored Saturday for excellence in Islamic architecture. 
 World champion speedskater Chad Hedrick won the 1,500 meters in a personal best time at the World Cup on Saturday, and moved into first place in the overall standings. 
 Groups of Poles demonstrated around the country Saturday in support of Western-leaning Ukraine opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko, who claims he was cheated out of victory in his country's presidential election. 
 France's Vincent Vittoz won a men's 15-kilometer World Cup cross-country ski race edging German overall leader Axel Teichmann by 1.8 seconds on Saturday. 
 Chechnya's president firmly ruled out any negotiations with top rebel leaders Saturday, saying there is "nothing to talk about" with former separatist president Aslan Maskhadov and warlord Shamil Basayev, the Interfax news agency reported. 
 Prime Minister Ayad Allawi's spokesman said Saturday that the government is determined to hold the Jan. 30 elections on time despite calls by Sunni Muslim politicians to delay the balloting for six months because of deteriorating security. 
 A helicopter carrying six people, including two doctors and a hospital patient, went missing in harsh weather Saturday in the Russian Far East, the Emergency Situations Ministry said. 
 Members of the parliament's human rights committee visited a former Christian warlord in his prison cell for the first time on Saturday and said he is being treated well and is in good health. 
 The head of a parliamentary commission investigating the September hostage seizure at a school in southern Russia said there is evidence pointing to involvement by a foreign intelligence agency, the Interfax news agency reported Saturday. 
 When former CIA Director George Tenet said his farewells at a two-hour ceremony this summer, a deputy noted that 40 percent of the agency's staff had worked for just one chief. 
 The concrete ceiling of a parking garage collapsed in a fire in northern Switzerland on Saturday, trapping seven firefighters inside, officials said. 
 Mehmet Scholl, enjoying an unexpected comeback at age 34, scored his first home goal in two years Saturday as Bayern Munich beat Mainz 05 4-2 to stretch its winning streak to four matches. 
 Steve Tosh scored the winner as Aberdeen beat Dundee United 1-0 Saturday to get within six points of Scottish Premier League leader Celtic. 
 One man was killed and two police officers were injured Saturday in the latest shootout between police and drug gangs in this city's shantytowns, authorities said. 
 Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez seconded Russia on Saturday in accusing the West of meddling in Ukraine, saying that "the hand of Washington is obvious" in the crisis over the nation's disputed presidential election, the Interfax news agency reported. 
 Bayern Munich midfielder Mehmet Scholl said Saturday he will not play for Germany again, despite a remarkable comeback from a long list of serious injuries. 
 The leader of separatist rebels in Senegal demanded the retreat of government forces from this West African nation's troubled southern Casamance region, saying it was the only way to secure a true end to more than two decades of conflict. 
 The warning left in the garage of Omar Hameed, Iraqi National Guardsman, showed two bloody swords and a message: "If you don't quit your job in three days, you will be killed." 
 At least 2 million locusts have infested one of Spain's Canary Islands as a wave of bugs that devastated North Africa this summer moves on, officials said Saturday. 
 Summaries of Premier League soccer matches played Saturday: 
 The conductor of a famous Czech children's choir was arrested for allegedly sexually abusing girls, Czech television reported Saturday. 
 After going two games without a point, NHL star Peter Forsberg scored to help his hometown team Modo edge Linkoping 2-1 in the Swedish Elite League on Saturday. 
 A Honduran congressman has been sentenced to sweep the streets of Tegucigalpa for two months for abusing a woman who bore his children out of wedlock, a judge announced Saturday. 
 Defender John Terry scored twice in three minutes Saturday to help Chelsea beat Charlton 4-0 and open up a five-point lead at the top of the Premier League. 
 Leading scorers in the Bundesliga after Saturday's 15th-round matches: 
 A brief look at Saturday's matches: 
 New Zealand Olympian Jeremy Yates won a local road race sanctioned by Bike New Zealand on Saturday, two days after he was banned by Belgian cycling officials for doping. 
 The Palestinian Authority said Saturday it will disband a small security unit tainted by accusations of abuse, an initial step toward reforming its bloated network of overlapping and competing security forces. 
 The three Palestinian interim leaders arrived in Cairo on Saturday on their first official visit out of the territories since they assumed power following the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat. 
 A top aide to President Vladimir Putin on Saturday called Ukraine's election dispute a major test of Russia's relations with the West and accused politicians in the United States and Europe of fomenting political change in former Soviet republics. 
 Prime Minister Tony Blair's Labour Party maintains a healthy lead over the opposition, six months before national elections widely expected in May, a poll released Saturday suggests. 
 French director Philippe de Broca, who worked as an assistant to Claude Chabrol and Francois Truffaut before becoming known for his own eccentric comedies, has died. He was 71. 
 Ukraine's parliament on Saturday declared the country's disputed presidential election invalid, a legally ineffectual but symbolically potent move boosting opposition hopes for a revote. 
 Some of the Iraqi judges who are being prepared to handle Saddam Hussein's trial haven't handled anything more complicated than a traffic case, says an Ohio law professor who helped train them. 
 Iraq's two major Kurdish political parties are ready to take part in national elections on Jan. 30 as planned but would not object if "other political powers" want the vote postponed in other areas, a party Web site said Saturday. 
 The Nicaraguan Army continued to search on Saturday for two missing British and American tourists after a false sighting of the missing men on Friday. 
 A tanker spilled 30,000 gallons (115,000 liters) of crude oil into the Delaware River between Philadelphia and southern New Jersey, creating a 20-mile-long (32-kilometer-long) slick that threatened fish and birds, Coast Guard officials said Saturday. 
 A father's attempt to teach his daughter a lesson about drinking backfired when the teen led police to a stash of drugs and weapons inside their home. 
 PSV Eindhoven won its 11th straight match in the Dutch league _ all by shutout _ by blanking FC Twente Enschede 2-0 Saturday. 
 Evgeni Plushenko and Irina Slutskaya scored home victories in the Cup of Russia on Saturday with superb free skating programs. 
 Maryland's governor says his order that state officials stop speaking with two reporters for The (Baltimore) Sun was "meant to have a chilling effect" on two writers he believes "have no credibility." 
 Sao Caetano could lose 24 points and the chance to win its first Brazilian league title because of the death of defender Serginho, who collapsed and died on the field a month ago. 
 Leading scorers in Italy's Serie A following Saturday's Round 13 matches (penalties in parentheses): 
 Australia's Adam Scott won $50,000 and two skins on the second hole Saturday, then he, Tiger Woods, Annika Sorenstam and Fred Couples left $250,000 out on the golf course during the next seven holes of the Skins Game. 
 The governor of the troubled North Darfur state said Saturday his government has lifted local restrictions on humanitarian aid groups in a sign of goodwill, but an aid official said the move alone is not enough to allow his group to resume work. 
 Former Japan coach Philippe Troussier signed a two-year contract to coach Marseille, the French club said Saturday on it's Web site. 
 Dozens of people crowded into the Franklin Park Zoo's indoor "tropical forest" on Saturday for the debut of its newest celebrity resident: a tiny 3-day-old western lowland gorilla. 
 Defense Minister Jorge Uribe asserted that Colombia's main rebel group wanted to attack U.S. President George W. Bush during his four-hour visit to Colombia last week, but there was no evidence Saturday they even tried to organize an attack. 
 Janica Kostelic of Croatia won her first World Cup race in nearly two years Saturday, charging through steady snow and choppy conditions to beat Anja Paerson of Sweden by more than a second in the first World Cup slalom this season. 
 Tri-Nations powerhouses Australia, New Zealand and South Africa beat Europe's best in rugby internationals on Saturday, and only a last-minute drop goal prevented Argentina from making it a Southern Hemisphere sweep. 
 Today is Sunday, Dec. 5, the 339th day of 2004. There are 26 days left in the year. 
 The clatter of police helicopters and the chatter of a gunfight between drug gangs isn't unusual in the Cidade Alta slum, nicknamed the "Gaza Strip" for its endemic violence. 
 For four years, President Alfonso Portillo ignored a growing movement of poor people setting up camps on private property across Guatemala. 
 With each signature on a parchment document, a group of Dutch clergymen watched their churches pass into history. 
 Francophone heads of state urged Ivory Coast's warring parties to renounce violence and reopen talks to end a long-simmering conflict threatening to destabilize West Africa. 
 The spiritual leader of the world's Orthodox Christians has brought the relics of two ancient saints back from the Vatican to the seat of his church in Istanbul, hours after Pope John Paul II returned them in a gesture of friendship. 
 Ukraine's parliament has declared the country's disputed presidential election invalid, a legally ineffectual but symbolically potent move boosting opposition hopes for a revote. 
 When the tiny Himalayan monarchy of Bhutan makes a decision, there isn't much room for compromise. Until recently televisions were illegal, and the number of tourists to the isolated nation are strictly regulated and closely monitored. 
 Pakistan has defended its efforts to halt leaks of nuclear technology amid suggestions that Iran's nuclear weapons program received more help from a renegade Pakistani scientist than previously disclosed. 
 Top European and Iranian officials were trying to save a deal committing Tehran to freeze nuclear programs that can make weapons. But Iran's insistence on exempting key equipment has dampened hopes of an agreement before a key U.N. meeting reconvenes. 
 Romanian Prime Minister Adrian Nastase and his left-wing party face a tough challenge from the centrist opposition in Sunday's presidential and parliamentary elections. 
 Robert Crotteau and his son Joseph, who worked together and spent much of their free time enjoying the outdoors together, were mourned together Saturday, days after both were killed in a confrontation with a hunter trespassing on their land. 
 Four federal police officers have been suspended without pay while prosecutors investigate police negligence in the killing of two federal agents who were beaten, doused with paint thinner and burned to death by an angry crowd on Mexico City's southern outskirts, officials said Saturday. 
 The mirror-like, curving steel walls of the Walt Disney Concert Hall may soon lose some of their luster. 
 Bode Miller of the United States won the first World Cup downhill race of the season on Saturday, finishing in 1 minute, 42.75 seconds to claim his first career World Cup downhill race. 
 The Iraqi government brushed aside Sunni Muslim demands to delay the Jan. 30 election, and a spokesman for the majority Shiite community called the date "nonnegotiable." Insurgents stepped up attacks, blasting U.S. patrols in Baghdad and killing a U.S. soldier north of the capital. 
 At least three people were hospitalized and others suffered irritated eyes Saturday after someone released pepper spray at Toys R Us' flagship store during the busy holiday shopping weekend, fire and police spokesmen said. 
 A spokesman for the Tibetan exile government in India said that Russia has issued the Dalai Lama a visa to visit Buddhists in its Kalmykia region and that he could make the trip as early as Monday. 
 Another possible suitor has emerged in the Hollywood Entertainment Corp. takeover fray: billionaire Carl Icahn. 
 China would seem to be a scary neighbor for Southeast Asian nations, with its roaring economy that's vacuuming up vital jobs and foreign investment from the region. 
 Atlante's Luis Gabriel Rey scored three goals Saturday to lead his team into the semifinals of the Mexican first division soccer playoffs with 4-3 second-leg victory over Toluca. 
 Pepper spray was released inside an elevator at Toys R Us' crowded flagship store Saturday, sending at least three people to the hospital and leaving others with irritated eyes, fire and police spokesmen said. 
 LeBron James scored 26 points to become the youngest player in NBA history to reach 2,000 in a career, leading the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 96-74 victory over the Chicago Bulls on Saturday night. 
 Australian rock star turned lawmaker Peter Garrett was resting at home Sunday after collapsing on a Sydney beach, but his political adviser said he would likely attend parliament this week. 
 South African skipper Graeme Smith elected to bat first after winning the toss Sunday in the second test match against India at Calcutta's Eden Gardens. 
 Two U.N. workers who spent nearly a month in the hands of mysterious Afghan kidnappers flew out of Kabul on Sunday toward the warm welcomes of relatives and friends in Northern Ireland and Kosovo. 
 Japan's defense chief said Sunday that Japanese troops should remain in Iraq until the country is properly rehabilitated, possibly until late 2005. 
 Industry leaders from Japan and India were hungry to expand commerce with Southeast Asia, but warned Sunday that trade agreements alone won't remove all the glitches that need fixing by regional leaders heading into a summit. 
 Sri Lanka will not descend into civil war, the government said Sunday, despite an apparent threat from a top Tamil Tiger rebel leader to revive an armed struggle unless stalled peace talks quickly resume. 
 Thousands of passengers were grounded Saturday during a snowstorm at Reno-Tahoe International Airport on its busiest weekend of the year. 
 A gas explosion tore through a central Chinese coal mine on Sunday, leaving at least 188 miners trapped as smoke billowed out from air vents, the government said. 
 Trade Minister Mark Vaile shrugged off concerns Sunday that Australia's refusal to sign a nonaggression pact with the Association of Southeast Asian Nations could endanger regional relations. 
 Glenn McGrath and Jason Gillespie tore through New Zealand's middle order Sunday, taking four second-session wickets to leave the visitors with the prospect of having to follow-on against Australia in the second cricket test. 
 The head of DHL express delivery in Asia is applauding efforts by Thailand and Singapore to speed up economic reforms in Southeast Asia, but he warns that if the region doesn't work better as a group, less developed nations will lag farther behind. 
 A large explosion boomed across central Baghdad Sunday and a pall of smoke rose from the direction of the Green Zone which houses the U.S. and Iraqi leadership. 
 Thirty-six Chinese volunteers participating in the world's first SARS human vaccine tests are "in good condition," the official Xinhua News Agency said Sunday. 
 The table tennis duo behind Hong Kong's second Olympic medal in history will get free train rides for life, the territory's railroad operator said Sunday. 
 Clifford Etienne, a late substitute for the injured Riddick Bowe, defeated Kenny Craven on Saturday when Craven was unable to continue in the second round because of a cut over his left eye. 
 Thousands of passengers were grounded during a snowstorm at Reno-Tahoe International Airport on its busiest weekend of the year. 
 Peter Lonard became only the fifth player in the last 50 years to successfully defend an Australian Open title, coming from five shots back with a 3-under 68 Sunday to win the centenary version of the tournament at The Australian Golf Club. 
 Chief Warrant Officer Margaret Murray, who describes herself as "over 50," says her small frame and some old back pain made it difficult to fire her M-16 in a marksmanship refresher course. 
 RESERVE CALL-UP: About 4,400 soldiers from the Individual Ready Reserve have been notified they must get back in uniform. In all, the Army plans to involuntarily call more than 5,600 reservists back to duty. 
 Erik Morales and Marco Antonio Barrera put on another battle for the ages Saturday, with Barrera coming out on top in a wild slugfest that was every bit the equal of the classic bout the two fought four years ago. 
 Japan's All-Star catcher Atsuya Furuta can add another skill to his growing list of talents. 
 Hundreds of villagers were evacuated from an island in Papua New Guinea on Sunday as a volcano already blamed for the deaths of two people threatened another eruption, officials said. 
 Monday will be sunny and dry in the northern half of Africa with cloudy, rainy conditions to the south. 
 American Arron Oberholser earned US$1 million (euro760,000) in the Korea Golf Championship on Sunday, closing with a 3-under 69 for a two-stroke victory in the first PGA Tour-sanctioned Challenge Season event in Asia. 
 Aberhet Amha was an aspiring runner, winning medals for her school and dreaming of adding her name to the long list of great Ethiopian Olympic athletes. But that was before she went for a run and returned without her left leg. 
 Rescuers failed as daylight ended Sunday to find a helicopter that went missing the day before with six aboard in harsh weather in the Russian Far East, ITAR-Tass news agency said. 
 Japan's education minister has praised recent history textbooks that reduce references to the country's past atrocities, including the military's use of sex slaves, news reports said Sunday. 
 England captain Michael Vaughan won the toss and put Zimbabwe in to bat Sunday at Harare Sports Club in the first of four one-day internationals. 
 The single toll of a bell rang through a packed and silent Auckland Cathedral early Sunday at a memorial service to mark the 25th anniversary of New Zealand's worst air disaster. 
 Ozeki Kaio defeated Asashoryu on the final day of the Kyushu Grand Sumo Tournament Sunday but will fall short of promotion to grand champion. 
 Seven Swiss firefighters were killed in the collapse of a parking garage ceiling in a fire in northern Switzerland, officials said Sunday. 
 Cambodia, Laos, Myanmar and Vietnam pleaded Sunday for help from wealthier Asian neighbors to bolster their economies, saying it would help improve the region's security and narrow its gap between rich and poor. 
 Japan's defense chief indicated Sunday that Japanese troops could remain in Iraq through late 2005, a year longer than their current mandate, in order to fulfill their reconstruction mission. 
 Two U.S. soldiers were injured early Sunday when a car bomb exploded next to their convoy on the road leading to Baghdad airport, a military statement said. 
 Shop signs in Arabic and Turkish, storefront mosques and headscarf-wearing women in the streets show how easy it is for new arrivals to stay among their own in Berlin's heavily immigrant Neukoelln neighborhood. 
 Two U.N. workers who spent nearly a month in the hands of mysterious Afghan kidnappers flew out of Kabul on Sunday toward the warm welcomes of relatives and friends in Northern Ireland and Kosovo. 
 Egypt will pay 70,000 Egyptian pounds (US $11,300; euro8,500) to each family of three Egyptian policemen accidentally killed by Israel on the Gaza border earlier this month. 
 A vehicle carrying four policemen, a prisoner and three other people collided with a speeding truck on a narrow road in northwestern Pakistan, killing all eight of them, officials said Sunday. 
 A Russian man working in Bangladesh has died of suspected alcohol poisoning, the third foreign victim of allegedly toxic liquor, a Russian Embassy official said Sunday. 
 Wales' Stephen Dodd won the season-opening China Open for his first PGA European Tour title, shooting a 4-under 68 on Sunday for a three-stroke victory over Denmark's Thomas Bjorn. 
 Twelve people were crushed to death when a train ran over them at a railroad station in central India on Sunday, news reports said. 
 President Robert Mugabe's ruling party holds its annual congress this week, but observers of his authoritarian regime say the meeting is unlikely to produce any dramatic developments like last year's announcement Zimbabwe was quitting the Commonwealth. 
 U.S. troops and Iraqi paramilitary police arrested 43 suspected insurgents in the northern city of Mosul as part of an ongoing operation to re-establish control of Iraq's third-largest city, a military statement said Sunday. 
 An explosion ripped through an apartment in a two-story wooden building in northern Russia, killing a man and forcing the evacuation of more than 50 people, the Emergency Situations Ministry said Sunday. 
 A car bomb exploded Sunday near a a high school in this central Iraqi city, killing three people and injuring five others, police said. 
 A bulletproof limousine once owned by one of China's most notorious suspected smugglers was sold at an auction Sunday for 1.25 million yuan (US$151,000; euro113,000). 
 Malaysia's prime minister on Sunday warned that Southeast Asia would lose its economic edge if it did not forge stronger business links with partners in the region _ mainly India and China _ instead of looking at them as rivals. 
 Royal officials dismissed a report Sunday that Prince Harry requires knee surgery and may have to delay his entrance to the Sandhurst military academy. 
 Pakistan's navy has detained 40 Indian fishermen and impounded their five boats for illegally intruding into Pakistani territory in the Arabian Sea, police said Sunday. 
 The 300 men filling out forms in the offices of an Iranian aid group were offered three choices: Train for suicide attacks against U.S. troops in Iraq, or train for suicide attacks against Israelis. Or train to assassinate British author Salman Rushdie. 
 A senior U.N. envoy met Sunday with Myanmar's foreign minister in a bid to revive his stalled mission to restore democracy in the military-ruled country, whose detention of opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi has provoked global outrage. 
 The Pakistan Cricket Board on Sunday signed 17 of its top players to the governing body's first ever central contracts, while fast bowler Shoaib Akhtar declined the offer. 
 An apparent explosive was thrown into a Turkish-owned shop in the southern Dutch city of Roermond early Sunday morning, causing minor damage but no injuries, media reports said. 
 The Portuguese Communist Party appointed Jeronimo de Sousa as its new leader, hoping the lawmaker and former metalworker can halt the party's decline at the ballot box. 
 China would seem to be a scary neighbor for Southeast Asian nations, with its roaring economy that's vacuuming up vital jobs and foreign investment from the region. 
 Brazil thrashed Ukraine 6-0 and Spain blanked the Czech Republic 2-0 on Sunday in the second round of the FIFA Futsal World Championship. 
 Sweden's Gunder Hagg, who broke 15 indiviual world records in middle distance running, has died. He was 85. 
 Jacques Kallis slammed his 17th test century Sunday to revive South Africa from a shaky start in the second test against India. 
 Hizb ut-Tahrir, a radical Muslim group banned in many countries, recently held a seminar here to denounce what it called the "savage massacre" of Muslims in Fallujah, Iraq, by U.S. forces. In a demonstration in October, it called for the establishment of a caliphate, or Islamic state, in Pakistan and other Muslim countries. 
 Marco Antonio Barrera won a majority decision against Erik Morales to take the WBC super featherweight title in another classic wild slugfest between the Mexican warriors on Saturday. 
 An appeals court upheld Sunday a suspended prison term handed down to a prominent fundamentalist Muslim cleric convicted of insulting Kuwait's ruler and questioning his right to make decisions related to the war in Iraq. 
 Pope John Paul II said Sunday that he was praying for peace in Ukraine as it confronts a crisis over its disputed presidential vote. 
 A boat packed with Africans capsized Sunday while trying to reach Spain's Canary Islands, leaving two people dead and 14 missing, officials said. 
 The moonlit view through the arched gateway, entrance to what may be the world's greatest monument to love, was enough to silence even the chattiest visitor. 
 Spain's former intelligence chief criticized America's action in Iraq and elsewhere around the globe as unilateral and arrogant, in a rare public defection from the ranks of the previous government, which firmly supported the United States. 
 World Cup Nordic Combined champion Hannu Manninen of Finland again showed his prowess on the ski track to win the one-jump and 7.5-kilometer sprint event from Todd Lodwick of the United States on Sunday. 
 Israel's defense establishment estimates that 90 percent of Jewish settlers will resist a planned evacuation from the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank next year, officials said Sunday. 
 Transport workers clashed with student demonstrators in southern Bangladesh on Sunday, leaving dozens injured, a police official said. 
 Five Polish soldiers were injured Sunday in central Iraq in a car accident, the military said in a statement. 
 The United States has been stripped of its 1,600 relay gold medal from the 2003 World Championships after Calvin Harrison's second doping violation, the world governing body of athletics said on Sunday. 
 World champions Tatiana Navka and Roman Kostomarov won the ice dance to give the home country its third victory in four events at the Cup of Russia on Sunday. 
 Backing down ahead of a deadline, Iran apparently has given up its demand to exempt some equipment from a deal freezing uranium enrichment programs that can make nuclear weapons, diplomats said Sunday. 
 Ukrainian pop star Ruslana Lezhychko has reportedly ended the hunger strike she began in support of opposition candidate Viktor Yuschenko's claim to her country's presidency, citing "positive developments" in the week-old political crisis. 
 Senegal World Cup star El-Hadji Diouf has been fined two weeks wages by his club, Bolton Wanderers, for spitting in the face of an opponent on Saturday. 
 Interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi said Sunday that he will meet with "some Iraqi figures residing abroad" not in Jordan as previously reported, his office said. 
 Just as former Germany international Mehmet Scholl was being celebrated for a remarkable comeback from injury, the unlucky Bayern Munich midfielder was let down again by his frail body. 
 Daniel Cheribo led a Kenyan sweep of the men's top five places in the Milan City Marathon on Sunday. 
 Israeli police said Sunday they have solved the July murder of a judge near his home in a Tel Aviv suburb, arresting five men, including two convicted killers. 
 Four thousand people rallied Sunday in the Moldovan capital to protest the arrests of dozens of members of the opposition. 
 Saudi authorities have identified a militant killed in western Saudi Arabia as a wanted terrorist who was among plotters of a housing compound attack last year that killed 17 people, the official Saudi Press Agency reported Sunday. 
 German Foreign Minister Joschka Fischer said Sunday that new elections seem to be the best solution to the standoff in Ukraine over who will be the country's next president. 
 Half-centuries by Ian Bell on debut and captain Michael Vaughan led England to a five-wicket victory over Zimbabwe in the first one-day cricket international at Harare Sports Club on Sunday. 
 Exterminators on one of Spain's Canary Islands have fumigated, torched or scooped up hundreds of thousands of locusts that flew across 100 kilometers (60 miles) of ocean after an infestation that wreaked havoc in North Africa this summer, officials said Sunday. 
 Two defendants _ among 22 on trial _ pleaded not guilty Sunday to charges of involvement in fighting multinational forces in Iraq. 
 An aide to Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych said that negotiators representing the two presidential campaigns had not met Sunday. 
 The illegitimate son of a wealthy South Korean industrialist has filed a federal lawsuit claiming he was denied an inheritance after being given up for adoption in California 18 years ago. 
 The good news for rugby is that there appears to be little to choose between the world's powerhouse nations with any of top seven teams seemingly capable of beating each other. 
 A 1st Infantry Division soldier died of injuries received in a vehicle accident Sunday in northern Iraq, the U.S. military said. 
 Joaosinho Trinta, a prominent designer of carnival parades, remained hospitalized in serious condition Sunday after suffering a stroke. 
 England's cricket tour of Zimbabwe has handed President Robert Mugabe a "propaganda victory," a member of Prime Minister Tony Blair's Cabinet said Sunday. 
 A United States sled piloted by Todd Hays edged Russia by 1/100th of a second to capture the four-man bobsled race in the season's first World Cup on Sunday. 
 A Muslim militant suspected of helping plan the Sept. 11 attacks in the United States also gave the order to carry out the Madrid train bombings, a Spanish newspaper said Sunday, asserting the closest link yet between the two terrorist massacres. 
 Interim Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas said Sunday that the Palestinians are working to ensure a "real democracy" through upcoming presidential elections in the Palestinian territories. 
 The European Union pledged euro51 million in humanitarian aid for Sudan on Sunday to help avert a "major food crisis" brewing in the troubled Darfur region due to continuing hostilities. 
 Celebrating an Albanian national holiday on Sunday, ethnic Albanians living in southern Serbia demanded more authority for their restive community and raised an Albanian flag in front of a local city hall. 
 Defenders Maxwell and Julien Escude each scored a goal and had a hand in another Sunday, leading Ajax to a 4-1 over RBC Roosendaal victory that moved it past Feyenoord and into third place in the Dutch first division. 
 An Iraqi infantry company has started training with the Egyptian army as part an international effort to boost the capabilities of Iraq's fledgling security forces, a U.S. military statement said. 
 Travelers leaving from Athens International Airport faced delays over the weekend due to an indefinite strike by air security screeners in a dispute over unpaid wages and contract improvements in job security. 
 Ukraine's Supreme Court, about to play a key role in the country's political crisis, has already demonstrated its backbone by quashing efforts to disqualify votes for the opposition candidate in the first round of a disputed leadership race. 
 Roman Catholic Church leaders in Austria formally installed a new bishop Sunday in a diocese rocked by the discovery of a vast cache of child pornography on computers at a seminary. 
 A landmark deal aimed at freezing the development of Iranian nuclear weapons will fail, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said in an interview published Sunday, despite a new Iranian willingness to push it through. 
 A large fire erupted Sunday in a main oil pipeline in the south after smugglers broke the line to steal oil, firefighters said. 
 Terry Nichols admitted during plea negotiations in his state trial last year that he played a major role in the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing, a newspaper reported Sunday. 
 At the White House's request, confirmation hearings for Condoleezza Rice as secretary of state will not begin until Congress reconvenes in January, the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee said Sunday. 
 A senior Cabinet minister on Sunday ordered an independent inquiry into claims he abused his position as Britain's law-and-order chief to help secure a visa for his former lover's nanny. 
 A key member of Ariel Sharon's coalition on Sunday threatened to vote against the prime minister's budget proposal, deepening a crisis that could bring down his embattled government. 
 Romanian Prime Minister Adrian Nastase and his left-wing party faced a tough challenge from the centrist opposition in presidential and parliamentary elections Sunday. 
 Two trucks loaded with six tons of medical supplies donated by the Dutch Red Cross organization entered into Iraq on Sunday from the northeastern Syrian border, reported SANA, Syria's official news agency. 
 Spanish midfielder Nacho Novo fired Glasgow Rangers to the top of the Scottish Premier League with two goals in a 3-2 beating of Hearts on Sunday as defending champion Celtic was held 2-2 at last place Dundee. 
 One man died and nearly 40 people were injured Sunday when gang members angered by the killing of a suspected drug lord fired into a crowd gathered for a dance, authorities said. 
 Half-centuries by Ian Bell on debut and captain Michael Vaughan led England to a five-wicket victory over Zimbabwe in the first one-day cricket international at Harare Sports Club on Sunday. 
 Nicolas Sarkozy, one of France's most ambitious and visible politicians _ and an in-house rival of President Jacques Chirac _ moved to the helm of the president's party Sunday, a perfect podium for him to bid for the presidency in 2007. 
 Now that his high school football season is over, Zak Coppinger has been playing poker every chance he can get. 
 While President George W. Bush is busy putting together his Cabinet for a second term, the financial world's attention is on a job vacancy 14 months away: Who will succeed Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan? 
 This week's Davis Cup final between Spain and the United States is expected to set an attendance record. 
 The fate of an overhaul of U.S. intelligence agencies rests with President George W. Bush, who must exert more pressure on holdout Republicans if he wants compromise legislation to pass this year, a lead Senate negotiator said Sunday. 
 Security guards opened fire Sunday on a crowd protesting the U.S. military's detention of a woman in eastern Afghanistan for suspected al-Qaida links, killing a boy and injuring a man, officials said. 
 Tom Brokaw leaves this week, Dan Rather in March. But the broadcast network evening news as an institution isn't going anywhere. 
 The Archbishop of Canterbury has asked conservative members of the Anglican Church not to belittle or harass gay people, and appealed for the worldwide communion to remain united despite strains over homosexuality. 
 Ring tones are so yesterday. If wireless companies have their way, the next multibillion dollar surprise in the cellular business will be "Ringback" tones. 
 With Fort Benning preparing for its largest troop expansion since the Vietnam War, barber Anthony Brock figures he'll be giving a lot more GI haircuts, or at least he'll have a steady stream of customers even when major units deploy for combat. 
 Neil Mellor drove home a 30-yard (meter) shot for the winner deep into injury time as Arsenal tumbled 2-1 at Liverpool on Sunday to fall five points behind Chelsea in the Premier League title race. 
 Gunder Hagg, who set the mile world record in 1945 and held it until Roger Bannister broke the four-minute barrier, died at 85 after a long illness. 
 Russia beat defending champion France 3-2 to claim its first Fed Cup after Anastasia Myskina and Vera Zvonareva defeated Marion Bartoli and Emilie Loit 7-6 (5), 7-5 in the decisive doubles on Sunday. 
 An Iranian movie on the life of a man who prepared the dead for burial for 40 years has won the top award at the 45th Thessaloniki Film Festival, organizers said Sunday. 
 The first trial stemming from the nation's deadliest human smuggling attempt was set to begin Monday in federal court, more than 1 1/2 years after 19 illegal immigrants died in a packed, sweltering trailer on a Texas highway. 
 A prominent member of the Catholic Church's progressive wing criticized President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva's government Sunday, calling it "too slow" to promote agrarian reform and improve workers' salaries. 
 Forget about trying to call Finns or Danes when they're at a party, as they're unlikely to answer, a new study of communication habits released Sunday shows. 
 Britain's leading modern art collector and its most famous gallery exchanged allegations Sunday about the fate of a messy bed, a pickled shark and other icons of the 1990s "Brit Art" movement. 
 The wife of imprisoned poet and journalist Raul Rivero said Sunday she was a bundle of nerves over the weekend after learning her husband was moved from a prison in central Cuba to jail hospital in Havana, sparking hope that he could be released. 
 Ukraine's opposition threatened outgoing President Leonid Kuchma with an ultimatum on Sunday, warning it would block his movements unless he fires Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych and fulfills other demands within 24 hours. 
 Every December, Zack and Hilary Rudman used to send out nonsectarian cards with winter scenes and generic holiday greetings. 
 It's a girl _ and a boy _ for actress Julia Roberts and her husband, cinematographer Danny Moder. 
 A man who claims he was repeatedly molested while he was a student at an internationally acclaimed music school is carrying his fight to sue the school to New Jersey's highest court. 
 The food at the Federal Corrections Camp in Alderson, West Virginia, apparently is nothing to write home about _ unless one is eating it with Martha Stewart. 
 Jordan's King Abdullah II stripped his half brother and heir apparent of his title as crown prince in an abrupt shakeup Sunday aimed at redeeming the full power the king inherited from his late father. 
 Iran continues to insist that 20 of its nuclear centrifuges be exempt from a freeze negotiated with European countries, reported Iran state-run media, countering claims by Western diplomats that Iran had conceded to demands to forego all parts of its uranium enrichment program. 
 Fred Couples continued his amazing run Sunday, prevailing in four playoff holes over Tiger Woods to claim the final three skins and $340,000, and win his record fifth Skins Game with a total of $640,000. 
 French Defense Minister Michele Alliot-Marie said Sunday that France has remained "totally neutral" in the Ivory Coast crisis and dismissed threats that a complaint against Paris would be filed with an international court. 
 Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams said Sunday he has asked U.S. President George W. Bush to be ready to offer unspecified help in pushing forward a possible new peace deal in Northern Ireland. 
 Leading scorers in Italy's Serie A following Sunday's Round 13 matches (penalties in parentheses): 
 Iran is offering to train Iraqi police and border guards two days ahead of hosting a meeting of security chiefs of Iraq's neighboring states, the official news agency reported Sunday. 
 Lille and Sochaux both lost ground on French league leader Lyon on Sunday. 
 Summaries of Sunday's 13th-round Serie A matches: 
 Islamic preachers must do more to provide religious instruction devoid of extremism and calls for violence, the top Egyptian religious affairs official said to a gathering of Muslim scholars and government officials on Sunday. 
 Michael Jordan's older brother is shipping out to Iraq. 
 Olga Morozova won the Fed Cup Award of Excellence in honor of a career in which she became the first woman from the Soviet Union to compete in a Grand Slam singles final. 
 A fan died Sunday after falling from the second tier of bleachers at the Leiria soccer stadium during the local team's Portuguese league match against Benfica, officials said. 
 Divers found a six-foot (1.8-meter) gash on the tanker that leaked 30,000 gallons (714 barrels, 113,559 liters) of crude oil into the Delaware River, creating a 20-mile(32-kilometer)-long slick that killed dozens of birds and threatened other wildlife, officials said Sunday. 
 NBC Sports chairman Dick Ebersol survived a charter plane crash that killed at least two people Sunday, the U.S. television network said in a statement through its Denver affiliate KUSA-TV. 
 Two-time champion Gremio was relegated to the Brazilian league's second division Sunday despite overcoming a three-goal deficit to draw 3-3 with leader Atletico Paranaense. 
 Leiria extended Benfica's winless streak to three Sunday, winning 1-0 while Sporting Lisbon won its fifth in its last seven with a 4-1 victory over next-to-last placed Moreirense. 
 Intervening for the second time in three days, President George W. Bush on Sunday telephoned Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams in an effort to advance negotiations toward a power-sharing agreement between Northern Ireland's Catholics and Protestants. 
 Finland's Tanja Poutiainen won for the second time in three races at Aspen Mountain, beating Italy's Manuela Moelgg by more than a second in a World Cup slalom on Sunday. 
 Today is Monday, Dec. 6, the 340th day of 2004. There are 25 days left in the year. 
 Iran agreed not to test any centrifuges as part of a total suspension of nuclear activities that can yield weapons-grade uranium, clearing the way for the U.N. nuclear agency on Monday to bring an end to a dispute that had threatened to go all the way to the U.N. Security Council. 
 Swept up in a sea of orange, the color of Ukraine's embattled opposition, Maryana Yarmolenko did what thousands of people from her homeland have been doing for days across Europe _ she marched to demand democracy. 
 Nicolas Sarkozy has taken one stop closer to a bid for the French presidency, taking the helm of President Jacques Chirac's party. 
 A powerful earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 7.1 struck Japan's northern island of Hokkaido early Monday, swaying buildings, throwing objects off shelves and triggering a small tsunami wave that reached the shore. 
 The U.S. dollar was trading at 102.78 yen on the Tokyo foreign exchange market at 9 a.m. (0000 GMT) Monday, up 0.26 yen from late Friday. 
 Ivan Borghello scored two goals in four minutes Sunday, and Newell's Old Boys tightened its grip on the top spot in the Argentine league with a 3-1 win over Boca Juniors. 
 Sitting at a table after her latest win, Tanja Poutiainen of Finland just shrugged and raised her eyebrows with each question. 
 Exit polls show Romania's ruling party leading in parliamentary elections, but forced into a runoff in the race for president. 
 The daughter of a man accused of killing six hunters in northwestern Wisconsin said Sunday she was shocked to hear about her father's alleged crimes and called him a great person. 
 Pakistan president Gen. Pervez Musharraf visited Rio de Janeiro's famous tourist spots Sunday before traveling to Brasilia to discuss trade with Brazilian leader Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva. 
 Ukraine's political crisis escalated ahead of a key court session Monday to probe the disputed presidential election's validity, with an eastern province scheduling a referendum on autonomy and the opposition threatening to tighten a blockade against top officials in the bitterly divided nation. 
 Philadelphia won a fourth consecutive NFC East title as Brian Westbrook scored two touchdowns Sunday and the Eagles' defense made life miserable for Eli Manning in a 27-6 victory over New York. 
 Igor Zhukov tears a small orange sticker reading "Yushchenko! Yes" from a huge portrait of the smiling Viktor Yanukovych on Lenin Square in the center of Donetsk. 
 Apolo Anton Ohno of the United States won two races and teamed with Hyo-Jung Kim to give the Americans a sweep in the 1,000-meter event at a World Cup short track speedskating event. 
 President Ricardo Lagos on Sunday announced compensations to thousands of victims, saying illegal imprisonment and torture were a state policy during the dictatorship of Gen. Augusto Pinochet. 
 Gold opened at US$451.75 an ounce on Monday in Hong Kong, down 70 U.S. cents an ounce from Friday's close of US$452.45. 
 The jury that convicted Scott Peterson of murder reconvenes this week to decide whether he should be executed, but the decision may not be final for years given his numerous options for appeal. 
 Dick Ebersol's passion for the Olympics began as a researcher in the 1960s and led him to help NBC lock up the U.S. TV rights through the 2012 Games. 
 For more than 100 years, French families have made their homes in this tropical country, rich in coffee and cocoa. Its main city, with its towering skyscrapers, crisp croissants and fine wines, became known as the Paris of West Africa. 
 Tokyo stocks advanced Monday morning as the U.S. dollar strengthened against the Japanese yen and the Europe's single currency. 
 The United Nations' nuclear watchdog will send inspectors to South Korea next week for more investigations into the country's past secret nuclear experiments, officials said Monday. 
 The death toll from floods and landslides in central Vietnam rose to 39, and 13 people were reported missing, officials said Monday. 
 A 27-year-old woman from South Africa, who was ordered deported after her American husband died in a car crash, is voluntarily returning to her country to tend to her sick father, further confusing an already entangled immigration battle. 
 Crude oil futures remained steady Monday amid lingering concerns about heating oil supplies at the start of the Northern Hemisphere winter, market-watchers said. 
 An aid group in Afghanistan said it was considering pulling out of part of the country after Taliban militants attacked its compound in a southern town, killing three people and engaging authorities in a gunbattle. 
 More than 120 whales and dolphins died after swimming onto beaches on two southern Australian islands, where rescue teams were desperately trying Monday to prevent others becoming stranded. 
 Leading Asian economies South Korea and Singapore concluded a free trade agreement during a regional summit in Laos, the South Korean government announced Monday. 
 Rescuers were searching Monday for 141 coal miners trapped by an explosion in central China, but toxic gas was hampering the effort. At least 25 others were killed. 
 The start of the holiday season was respectable but unimpressive for many of the leading U.S. retailers, with consumers jamming stores and malls on Friday and pulling back as the weekend wore on. 
 U.S.-based Las Vegas Sands Inc. has chosen the head of another casino company to oversee its operations in Macau, a Chinese gambling enclave that recently ended its casino monopoly, a newspaper reported Monday. 
 China will step up controls on investment in power plants, despite electricity shortages, to help ease pressure on coal supplies, state media reported Monday. 
 The photo shows Bradford C. Bleidt, a prominent member of Boston's business community, dressed in suit and tie at a party for staff of the business news radio station he was selling as it ramped up to a new 24-hour format. 
 A charter plane carrying NBC Sports Chairman Dick Ebersol crashed and burst into flames during takeoff Sunday from a southwest Colorado airport, killing at least two people and seriously injuring Ebersol and one of his sons. Rescue crews were searching for another son. 
 President Jacques Chirac promoted a staunch ally Monday to replace the popular finance minister Nicolas Sarkozy, strengthening his hand ahead of an expected struggle for the governing party's 2007 presidential nomination. 
 About 21,000 soldiers, most of them from units sent to Iraq, have been treated at the biggest U.S. military hospital outside the United States since the U.S.-led invasion of Afghanistan in late 2001, the hospital said Monday. 
 A plane carrying Foreign Minister Cyril Svoboda to Qatar returned to the Prague airport after the pilots spotted a crack in the plane's front window, an official said Monday. 
 Union representatives at the main plant of General Motors Corp.'s Adam Opel AG unit handed over a petition Monday with more than 40,000 signatures calling on management to secure the site's future. 
 Despite its white sand beaches, coral reefs and historic sites including centuries-old sugar mills, St. Croix has been bypassed recently by most tourists cruising the Caribbean. 
 Corsican officials on Monday vowed to increase security at places of worship on the Mediterranean island following a racially motivated attack on a Muslim prayer leader. 
 Former Rangers and Everton manager Walter Smith has been offered the job as Scotland manager, Sky Sports News reported Monday. 
 The British government does not believe the presidential election held in Ukraine on Nov. 21 was free or fair, Foreign Secretary Jack Straw said Monday. 
 A long-awaited microprocessor developed by IBM Corp., Sony Corp. and Toshiba Corp. will go into early production next year and start appearing in video game consoles, high-definition TVs and home servers in 2006, the companies said Monday. 
 The parliamentary investigation of the Madrid train bombings took a back seat to political infighting Monday as center-left lawmakers criticized the previous government's handling of the massacre, while former Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar insisted the Socialists might not have ousted his party were it not for Spain's worst terrorist attack. 
 Actor Danny Glover on Monday criticized the "arrogance and dismissiveness" of the U.S. government, expressing regret that his own country has yet to sign up to a 144-nation treaty to eliminate the use of land mines. 
 A war of words between two anti-apartheid leaders intensified Monday when former Archbishop Desmond Tutu issued a sarcastic statement thanking President Thabo Mbeki for calling him a charlatan and a liar. 
 Hungary's prime minister on Monday called on voters to reject two referendums to be held this weekend, on keeping health services in state hands and allowing ethnic Hungarians from neighboring countries also to acquire Hungarian citizenship. 
 Iraq's deputy prime minister said Monday he was confident the Sunni Muslim community did want elections to go ahead. 
 Heidi Klum is hosting her own reality TV show, but that doesn't mean the German supermodel is a big fan of the genre. The supermodel prefers to call "Project Runway" _ a contest among 12 aspiring fashion designers that premieres Wednesday on Bravo _ a documentary. 
 A Palestinian court on Monday sentenced a father and son to death for helping Israel carry out a failed assassination attempt against a Hamas leader, Palestinian officials said. 
 With the crisis in Ukraine as a backdrop, liberal Russian newspapers on Monday slammed Kremlin policy toward its former Soviet satellites, saying it was counterproductive and would hurt Russia in the long run. 
 Hungary's president said Monday that parliament should reconsider changes made recently to the law regulating the central bank, which would increase the prime minister's influence over its decisions. 
 NBC Sports chairman Dick Ebersol and his college-age son emerged from the wreckage of a chartered jet after the plane crashed, but authorities said Monday his 14-year-old son was presumed dead in the wreckage. 
 The Caribbean island of St. Lucia has set a new homicide record with the death of a teenager over the weekend, police said Monday. 
 A surge in migration at the end of the 20th Century shows no sign of letting up _ but is keeping populations from declining in Europe, stimulating economic growth in the United States and providing a much-needed source of foreign income for poor nations, a U.N. report says. 
 Defense Minister Jorge Uribe has been put on the defense himself amid revelations about his personal relationship with a jailed, female drug trafficker who is nearly 30 years his junior. 
 Three decades after she was imprisoned and tortured on a remote island, Mireya Garcia is finally getting some reparation, following the recognition by the Chilean state that she and thousands more were tortured under the military dictatorship of Gen. Augusto Pinochet. 
 Heidi Klum is hosting her own reality TV show, but that doesn't mean the German supermodel is a big fan of the genre. She prefers to call "Project Runway" _ a contest among 12 aspiring fashion designers _ a documentary. 
 Looking back, Braulio Gonzalez says, the man who drove up and offered him $10 (euro7.6) an hour to break up a concrete driveway did seem suspicious. The man's truck didn't have license plates and he wouldn't say where the job was, telling the day laborer to follow in his car. 
 Crude oil futures traded above $49 a barrel Monday after a gas leak shut down a North Sea oil production platform and as traders weighed concerns about heating oil supplies this winter against the fact that temperatures have been mild in recent weeks. 
 The Syrian driver of two French journalists held hostage in Iraq for 102 days made a plea Monday for their liberation and said he was optimistic that they would be freed because they have never been mistreated. 
 An American man being tried for the alleged murder of an injured police officer who was shot in the head at close range while pleading for mercy told a court Monday that a friend carried out the killing. 
 Brazil's stronger economy means the country might not renew its funding agreement with the International Monetary Fund, the central bank president said Monday. 
 The mainstream Fatah Party won student elections at the West Bank's largest university on Monday for the first time in eight years, and analysts said the result bodes well for party leader Mahmoud Abbas in the Palestinian presidential elections on Jan. 9. 
 World No. 2 Thierry Lincou of France and No. 3 Peter Nicol of England cruised to straight-sets wins in the first round of the squash World Open on Monday. 
 The head of Ukraine's Central Bank resigned Monday, and media reports quoted him as saying and media reports quoted him as praising opposition protests and calling for at least a partial revote in the country's disputed election. 
 A local Hamas leader indicated Monday that the militant group will not attack Israelis during the Palestinian presidential campaign and would consider a formal truce with Israel in the latest signs of hope for renewed peace efforts in the region. 
 An Army helicopter crashed and burned Monday after hitting a TV transmission-tower wire in the fog, killing all seven soldiers aboard, military officials said. 
 A six-story parking garage under construction at the National Institutes of Health partially collapsed Monday, killing a construction worker, authorities said. 
 A couple who underwent Botox injections last week were hospitalized with botulism poisoning, and health officials were attempting to determine whether the injections were to blame. 
 Courtney Browne, Ian Bradshaw and Ricardo Powell led several of the West Indies' high-profile dissident cricket players into the team's training camp Monday, now that binding arbitration will be used to resolve a contract dispute between the players and local cricket board. 
 A leaked police report contains new allegations of gang rape, systematic bullying and sexual harassment at an army barracks in England, British media said Monday. 
 Iraqi National Guardsmen backed by U.S. troops stormed a Sunni mosque Monday and arrested a member of a Sunni clerical group which has called for a boycott of the Jan. 30 election, an associate said. 
 Andriy Reshetnyak tied a Russian flag to the Ukrainian one, joining thousands of demonstrators backing a referendum on autonomy for their eastern province on Donetsk's central Lenin Square on Monday. 
 Gold for current delivery closed at $453.70 per troy ounce Monday day on the New York Mercantile Exchange. 
 Princess Diana believed that one of her lovers was "bumped off," according to tapes being broadcast for the first time Monday in the United States. 
 Crude oil futures rose to within a quarter of $50 a barrel Monday after a gas leak shut down a North Sea oil production platform and as traders weighed concerns about heating oil supplies against the fact that temperatures have been mild in recent weeks. 
 The Louvre is just too full of art, and relief is now on the way. 
 The United States closed its embassy in Skopje, Macedonia on Monday to all but essential business because of a potential security threat, the State Department said. 
 The stock market closed. 
 South Africa flanker Schalk Burger was named player of the year in International Rugby Board awards dominated by the Springboks. 
 The judge in the child-molestation case against Michael Jackson refused on Monday to order Jackson's accuser and the boy's family to undergo psychological examinations. 
 An Mi-8 helicopter went missing in the Russian Far East early Monday, but all seven people on board survived an emergency landing and were picked up by rescuers and hospitalized, officials said. 
 Stocks finished mixed in a volatile session Monday as investors worried that the continued fall of the U.S. dollar would spur inflation and hurt the overall economy. The concerns overshadowed a decent start to the holiday shopping season. 
 An Israeli military court on Monday sentenced a Palestinian to 48 consecutive life terms in prison for his role in three separate suicide bombings, the army said. 
 Inhabitants of this highland Andean city stopped working Monday and declared a 24-hour strike to demand a share of royalties for the Camisea natural gas pipeline. 
 Sanpaolo IMI SPA's board said Monday it also believes conditions are not right to pursue a merger with Dexia SA, a day after the Franco-Belgian bank's board unanimously rejected the proposed merger, a deal that could have been European finance's biggest-ever cross-border deal. 
 President Vicente Fox on Monday promised the relatives of a federal police officer burned alive by an angry mob that he would ensure those responsible for the killing are punished and that police authorities who failed to come to his aid would be investigated. 
 The dollar edged marginally higher Monday, gaining some composure after weeks of losses, as the market took profits and traders awaited upcoming economic data before making fresh bets. 
 Colombia's government backpedaled Monday on the defense minister's sensational allegation that Marxist rebels wanted to assassinate U.S. President George W. Bush. A leftist who has rebel contacts dismissed the allegation as "clownish." 
 The electrical failure of a communications satellite owned by Intelsat Ltd. could threaten the planned $3.1 billion (euro2.34 billion) sale of the pioneering satellite operator. 
 Sudan on Monday ordered the expulsion of the country directors of two humanitarian organizations, saying they violated a law against interfering in domestic affairs with their statements to the press about renewed violence in Darfur. 
 Former New Zealand captain Justin Marshall will lead the Barbarians against the All Blacks at Twickenham on Saturday. 
 A manuscript of Truman Capote's unpublished first novel, which the author abandoned and claimed to have destroyed, has been found in a box of papers and will be auctioned this week at Sotheby's. 
 Mexican election authorities plan to visit Haiti soon to help the Caribbean nation prepare for elections in November 2005, the Federal Election Institute said Monday. 
 Jordan's Prince Hamzah said Monday he was conceding to the wish of King Abdullah II to strip him of his crown as heir to the throne. 
 Iran confirmed Monday it had accepted _ albeit reluctantly _ a face-saving solution to a uranium enrichment dispute that could have escalated into referral of Iran to the U.N. Security Council for sanctions. 
 Eighty percent of Britain's Muslims reject Prime Minister Tony Blair's claim that the war on terror is not against Islam, up from 68 percent in March, a new poll says. 
 Sundance Film Festival veterans Naomi Watts, Laura Linney and Patricia Clarkson are returning with new movies to the nation's top showcase for independent cinema. 
 Three dissidents from a group of 75 arrested in a broad crackdown last year were unexpectedly released Monday for health reasons, according to friends, relatives and local rights activists. The surprise move raised hopes for additional releases in the coming days. 
 In what may be his final official overseas trip, Secretary of State Colin Powell plans visits to Bulgaria, Belgium, the Netherlands and Morocco from Dec. 6 to 11. 
 Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko dismissed his administration chief Monday and replaced him with a longtime associate who was implicated by a European rights group in disappearances of opposition figures five years ago. 
 Two-time Canadian ski champion Vincent Lavoie was recovering in a hospital Monday after a successful bone graft to fuse a shattered left tibia suffered in a crash during a weekend World Cup super-giant slalom. 
 U.S. troops in Fallujah reported finding nearly as many homemade explosives over the past three weeks as had been uncovered throughout Iraq in the previous four months. 
 Prince Charles hosted a charity premier of the film "The Merchant of Venice," in central London on Monday night and praised Al Pacino, its star and the prince's friend. 
 THE SCENE: Around the country, day laborers hang out on corners, waiting for someone to offer them work in construction, landscaping and home improvement. 
 A crowd of Haitians marched through a slum in Haiti's capital Monday calling for peace and the return of ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide from exile. 
 The U.S. Supreme Court questioned whether state medical marijuana laws might be abused by people who aren't really sick as it debated on Monday whether the federal government can prosecute patients who smoke pot on doctors' orders. 
 Amnesty International is asking the Defense Department whether the military used Taser electric stun guns on prisoners in Iraq or Afghanistan, saying it is uneasy about reports of mistreatment and abuse. 
 Mexican stocks sailed to another record-high close Monday in a broad-based rally led by wireless phone company America Movil. 
 New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg will travel to Croatia on Friday to present the city's bid for the 2012 Olympics to a group of European Olympic officials. 
 Dutch supermarket chain Royal Ahold NV's integration of Stop & Shop and Giant Landover stores in the United States has cost $57.5 million (euro43.4 million), a senior executive said Monday. 
 A financially troubled Brazilian airline offered the country's airport authority one of its planes Monday to pay off a debt, an authority spokesperson said. 
 A federal judge has dismissed a libel suit brought against The New York Times by bioterrorism expert Steven Hatfill, who claimed the newspaper falsely insinuated he was responsible for the deadly anthrax attacks in 2001. 
 Slower growth and reduced profits will likely squeeze three of the top 10 U.S. personal computer manufacturers out of the market by 2007, a research firm predicted Monday. 
 Beginning a three-day farewell tour as U.S. senator, John Edwards focused on the future Monday, vowing to help his wife during her treatment for breast cancer and carry on his own political activism. 
 Investment bank Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. picked Christopher M. O'Meara as chief financial officer, replacing Dave Goldfarb, who will become chief administrative officer. 
 Actor John D. Barrymore, the father of Drew Barrymore, died Monday, the actress said. He was 72. 
 West Indies' dissident cricketers began arriving at a training camp in Barbados on Monday, when a judge was named to arbitrate their contract dispute with national administrators. 
 Rescuers were working feverishly Tuesday to float two whales stranded for two days on a North Island beach, where 55 pilot whales carcasses litter the sand, conservation officials said. 
 Nearly a month after John Kerry conceded Ohio to President George W. Bush, complaints and challenges about the balloting are mounting as activists including the Rev. Jesse Jackson demand closer scrutiny to ensure the votes are being counted on the up-and-up. 
 The governor of Iraq's Shiite-dominated Najaf province said on Monday that police had arrested his own security chief after uncovering an alleged plot to assassinate top regional officials _ including the governor himself. 
 George Clooney is suffering from a ruptured disk that kept him from promoting his new film, "Ocean's Twelve," this week. 
 Japan's unemployment rate rose 0.1 percentage point to 4.7 percent in October, the government said Tuesday. 
 Today is Wednesday, Dec. 8, the 342nd day of 2004. There are 23 days left in the year. 
 A photojournalist was shot and killed while having dinner with his family in a community cafeteria in the northwestern state of Sinaloa, the home turf of nearly all of Mexico's top drug bosses, authorities said Monday. 
 Three top Hollywood studios are throwing their considerable weight behind one of two competing formats for the next generation of DVDs, citing in part the need to stem piracy. 
 President George W. Bush picked Carlos Gutierrez, the chief executive officer of cereal giant Kellogg Co., as commerce secretary, working to build a new economic team to help sell second-term overhauls of Social Security and the tax code. 
 Carlos M. Gutierrez rose to the top of one of America's biggest corporations after leaving Cuba in 1960 as a political refugee. He began working at cereal giant Kellogg Co. selling Frosted Flakes out of a van in Mexico City. 
 The U.S. Supreme Court has rejected a challenge to the only state that allows gay marriages, declining to hear an appeal aimed at overturning the Massachusetts law that prompted a debate on the legality and morality of same-sex unions. 
 Congo intends to send up to 10,000 reinforcements toward its eastern border with Rwanda, a presidential spokesman said, after credible reports that thousands of Rwandan troops have crossed into its territory, raising fears of reigniting a devastating five-year regional war. 
 Seeking a respite from the mounting opposition pressure, outgoing President Leonid Kuchma said that a new election could be held, while Ukraine's Supreme Court was probing the validity of the bitterly disputed presidential runoff. 
 Pakistan expects to improve its relations with historic rival India and won't be deterred by an "extremist small minority" at home, President Gen. Pervez Musharraf said. 
 YANGON, Myanmar _ Detained pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi has been told she will be held under house arrest at least until September, a spokesman for her political party said. 
 The U.S. dollar was trading at 103.04 yen on the Tokyo foreign exchange market at 9 a.m. (0000 GMT) Tuesday, up 0.04 yen from late Monday. 
 The U.N. nuclear agency agreed on ways to police Iran's suspension of some nuclear programs, but a U.S. official said Washington might still try to take the case to the Security Council. 
 Preliminary results from Romania's parliamentary and presidential elections show the governing Social Democratic Party ahead, but with a lead too narrow to form a government alone. The opposition claimed the results were skewed by fraud. 
 President George W. Bush picked Carlos Gutierrez, the chief executive officer of cereal giant Kellogg Co., as commerce secretary, working to build a new economic team to help sell second-term overhauls of Social Security and the tax code. 
 The ice is melting and the heat is on for international delegates assembling in Buenos Aires next week to find new ways to confront global warming under the 194-nation treaty on climate change. 
 Norway's daily oil production was down by an estimated 4 percent after a gas leak forced Statoil ASA to shut down one of its platforms in the North Sea. 
 Ask a few contemporary artists to pay homage to Michelangelo's David, and you get some surprises: A sculpture of a severed foot. A maze of metal sheets. A video of David morphing into a black woman and a middle-aged man. 
 A brief look at elements of climate change and the international agreements to deal with it: 
 Like a lot of frequent travelers, Kevin Pollard relies on the Internet to save money on airfares, hotel rooms and rental cars. The quest generally took him to the Web's most popular travel sites _ Orbitz, Travelocity and Expedia _ until he discovered a new breed of specialty search engines that promise to dig up even better bargains. 
 When Emma Agger turned 6, her father Simon, a die-hard European soccer fan, decided she was old enough to watch the game in its native habitat. 
 Facts about major environmental problems in Indonesia: 
 Mention Newmont Mining Corp. in this impoverished seaside community and villagers angrily recount how pollution from its gold mine has killed the fish and sickened residents with headaches, nausea and tremors. 
 The California Supreme Court rejected a request from Scott Peterson's lawyers that a new jury be selected to decide whether he should get the death penalty. 
 European champion FC Porto beat Setubal 1-0 on Monday and retained its lead in the Portuguese League. 
 Child sex abuse was once so pervasive at a prestigious Princeton music school that administrators who raped and sodomized male boarding students thought the molestation was part of producing a world-class choir, a lawyer for one former student told the state Supreme Court. 
 A U.S. military review panel on Monday issued decisions on 17 detainees at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, ordering them to remain in custody as so-called enemy combatants, an official said. 
 Elizabeth Taylor is in good spirits despite suffering from congestive heart failure, her publicist said. 
 A British pilot has completed a flight that took him half way around the world _ from Britain to New Zealand _ in what is believed to be a first for a motorized glider. 
 A government laboratory and a private company announced a $2.6 million (euro1.96 million) project to develop hydrogen in a nuclear reactor using a process with the potential to one day trim the country's reliance on fossil fuels. 
 Tijuana's new mayor, Jorge Hank Rhon, is a flamboyant descendant of one of Mexico's most powerful political families who has long been scrutinized for his allegedly dark past. 
 The immune cells of women under extreme mental stress age faster than those in women not facing such pressure, a new study reports. 
 A total of 115 whales and dolphins died after swimming onto beaches on two southern Australian islands, authorities said Tuesday as the search continued for more pods in danger. 
 Insurgents stepped up attacks on Iraq's fledgling security forces, killing seven Iraqi police and guardsmen in a suicide bombing hours after storming a police station north of the capital. The U.S. military reported five new American deaths. 
 A photojournalist was shot and killed while having dinner with his family in a community cafeteria in the northwestern state of Sinaloa, the home turf of nearly all of Mexico's top drug bosses, authorities said Monday. 
 Gold opened at US$452.05 an ounce on Tuesday in Hong Kong, up 80 cents an ounce from Monday's close of US$451.25. 
 A man once suspected in the deaths of seven women was arrested on federal charges the moment he stepped out of prison after serving 10 years for check forgery, the FBI said. 
 Lawsuits seeking more than $400 billion (euro302 billion) in damages from U.S. corporations for victims of apartheid in South Africa were tossed out by a federal judge who said the claims bordered on the frivolous. 
 A federal appeals court barred the Defense Department from withholding funds from colleges and universities that deny access to military recruiters. 
 A Hmong immigrant accused of gunning down eight fellow deer hunters in the Wisconsin woods was charged with six counts of murder and two counts of attempted murder. 
 Religious leaders in India are being urged to educate their followers on the dangers of HIV/AIDS to prevent its spread and to reduce the stigma attached to the deadly virus. 
 A Greek-flagged freighter with a cargo of pig iron from Brazil ran aground in Lake Michigan's Green Bay, Coast Guard officials said. 
 International rights groups welcomed Cuba's surprise release of three dissidents jailed last year in a broad crackdown, and called on Fidel Castro's government to free another 65 still behind bars. 
 Magician Penn Jillette married his longtime girlfriend during an impromptu ceremony at a Las Vegas wedding chapel, his spokesman said. 
 Secretary-General Kofi Annan expressed optimism that a new Palestinian leader will join Israel's prime minister and the international parties that drafted the "road map" to Mideast peace in a new push to end decades of conflict in the Mideast. 
 Tokyo stocks plunged Tuesday morning as investors were discouraged by Japan's weaker-than-expected industrial output for October. The U.S. dollar was up against the Japanese yen. 
 The U.S. State Department issued a reminder Monday that ongoing terrorist threats in Kenya present a safety and security risk for American citizens there. 
 A lawsuit filed against the U.S. federal immigration service alleges the agency discriminated against a Filipino couple when it denied the husband's legal residency because his wife had a sex change operation nearly 24 years ago. 
 A former employee of a strip club and a soldier from Fort Hood, Texas, were charged with murder in two of four shooting deaths that followed the worker's firing, authorities said. 
 John Drew Barrymore, the troubled heir to an acting dynasty and the father of movie star Drew Barrymore, died Monday. He was 72. 
 Japan's crown prince should have consulted his father before accusing palace officials earlier this year of contributing to his wife's stress-induced illness, his younger brother said in remarks made public Tuesday. 
 A jury was selected Monday in the first trial stemming from the nation's deadliest human smuggling attempt _ a May 2003 journey that ended in the deaths of 19 illegal immigrants in a stifling trailer. 
 Moments after surviving a horrific plane crash, Charles Ebersol frantically begged bystanders for help in rescuing his younger brother from the wreckage: "Can you please help get him out?'" the 21-year-old college student was quoted as saying. 
 Malaysian police arrested four men for allegedly running an illegal soccer betting ring that raked in more than 150 million ringgit (US$39.4 million; euro29.74 million) over the past year, a news report said Tuesday. 
 Drivers in a road rally that meandered from India through Southeast Asia to promote the region's byways for travel and freight headed Tuesday into Laos, where regional leaders planned to greet them and send them on to Indonesia. 
 When University of Chicago archeologists excavated ancient Mesopotamian artifacts in Iraq 70 years ago, they left behind half of the thousands of objects they found. 
 Pakistani President Gen. Pervez Musharraf said his country's bitter rivalry with India may be coming to an end, though he indicated that he wants New Delhi to show more willingness to resolve the dispute over Kashmir. 
 Twenty years after the world's worst industrial accident, many survivors of the Bhopal poisonous gas leak still haven't received fair compensation and the site of the disaster remains contaminated, Amnesty International said. 
 A refugee from Kosovo pleaded guilty to attempted rape in the case of a 15-year-old girl who said her mother sold her to be his bride for $3,000 (euro2,265). 
 President Leonel Fernandez declared the Dominican Republic is emerging from economic crisis, claiming that in a little over three months his new government has "begun eliminating the shadow cast over our country." 
 An Army helicopter carrying a brigadier general and six other soldiers crashed and burned in the fog after hitting a web of support wires on a TV transmission tower whose warning lights had been knocked out in a storm last week, officials said. Everyone aboard was killed. 
 President Vicente Fox will ship the 2005 budget back to a hostile Congress and ask opposition parties that drastically overhauled his government's original proposal to approve a string of corrections to make the final version economically viable, a spokesman said Monday night. 
 Japan plans extensive talks with Britain about providing protection next year for Japanese non-combat troops stationed in southern Iraq, Japan's defense minister said Tuesday. 
 Moments after surviving a horrific plane crash, Charles Ebersol frantically begged bystanders for help in rescuing his younger brother from the wreckage: "Can you please help get him out?" the 21-year-old was quoted as saying. 
 China's biggest city, Shanghai, plans to extend the world's only commercially operating high speed magnetic levitation line as part of preparations for hosting the 2010 World Expo, city officials said. 
 Japan's unemployment rate rose 0.1 percentage point to 4.7 percent in October, but the government said Tuesday the labor market was still on the mend amid a gradual economic recovery. 
 The Vatican supports Hong Kong's Roman Catholic leader in his demand for full democracy in the Chinese territory, a newspaper reported Tuesday. 
 Australia finished off a clinical 213-run win over New Zealand just after lunch Tuesday on the fifth day of the second cricket test to secure a series sweep. 
 Godzilla finally received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, 50 years after he stomped onto movie screens and hours before the premiere of his latest film, "Godzilla: Final Wars." 
 A court sentenced a Christian separatist leader to nine years in jail for plotting a rebellion in Indonesia's religiously divided Maluku province, a report said Tuesday. 
 Leroy F. Aarons, a former national correspondent for The Washington Post and executive editor of the Oakland Tribune who founded the National Lesbian and Gay Journalists Association, has died. He was 70. 
 A day after their landmark trade deal with China, Southeast Asian leaders took their dream of regional integration further Tuesday, approving free trade talks with Japan and preparing pledges to boost ties with India, Australia and New Zealand. 
 Singapore police have arrested two Africans on suspicion of trafficking more than 1,200 grams of heroin worth US$1.3 million (euro980,000) into the city-state, officials said Tuesday. If convicted, the pair face the death penalty. 
 A man who told authorities he killed five women and buried their bodies around the state was sentenced to two consecutive life prison terms. 
 Empowering women will help stem the spread of AIDS, international experts said as they discussed ways to help those who are most at risk. 
 Japan and the Philippines have agreed on key parts of a free trade pact but need a few more months to put finishing touches on the landmark accord between the World War II foes, officials said Tuesday. 
 Crude oil futures hovered near U$50 a barrel Tuesday as the market awaited weekly U.S. petroleum inventory data, which traders expect to show a rise in crude and distillate stocks for a second straight week. 
 A Pentagon spokesman said Monday that Red Cross officials have "made their view known" that the indefinite detention of terror suspects at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, amounts to torture. 
 The owners of file-swapping giant Kazaa claimed Tuesday their software, which allows users to exchange copyrighted music and movies online, is no different to video recorders, as they launched their defense in a landmark music piracy case in Australia. 
 Prosecutors are preparing corruption charges against a former Bank of China executive, state media reported Tuesday, part of a renewed crackdown on the graft that pervades almost every aspect of Chinese life. 
 Thailand on Tuesday told military-ruled Myanmar that it must take real steps toward democracy in the coming year, but failed to get any clarification from the junta on reports that pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi's house arrest has been extended. 
 A tropical storm triggered landslides and flash floods in the eastern Philippines, a region still reeling from last week's deadly typhoon, killing at least 28 people, officials said Tuesday. 
 A close aide to North Korean leader Kim Jong Il has undergone surgery in Russia to treat pancreatic cancer, a news agency reported Tuesday. 
 The death toll in a coal mine explosion in central China has risen to 63, with 103 miners still missing, the government said Tuesday, as an underground fire and toxic fumes released by the blast hampered rescue work. 
 Japan is divided on whether Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi should continue his annual visits to a war shrine, after Beijing requested a halt saying the trips damage bilateral relations, a newspaper poll showed Tuesday. 
 Mindy McCready, who had a No. 1 hit in 1996 with "Guys Do It All the Time," pleaded guilty to purchasing painkillers with a false prescription. 
 The Sri Lankan army ordered soldiers on leave to report for duty and deployed more troops to a northeastern port town after a grenade attack killed one civilian and wounded three others, the military said Tuesday. 
 The mixture of November international results proved that nothing separates the top five or six nations in rugby, Wallabies coach Eddie Jones said after returning from a four-match European tour. 
 The U.S. military said Tuesday it was searching for six Americans who were aboard an aircraft that went missing over Afghanistan. 
 The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues closed at 10,899.25 points on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Tuesday, down 78.64 points, or 0.72 percent, from Monday. 
 The governor proclaimed it "Brett Favre Day," and the night belonged to the quarterback, too. 
 A U.S. Army soldier died from injuries sustained after a roadside exploded next to his patrol north of Baghdad, the military said Tuesday. 
 Rescuers have saved 20 pilot whales stranded for two days on a New Zealand beach, although 56 other whales died, officials said Tuesday. 
 Japan's education minister apologized Tuesday for praising history textbooks that barely mention Japanese atrocities during the last century, saying he should not have expressed his personal opinion. 
 Communist Laos relaxed its security on the final day of its biggest-ever regional summit Tuesday because officials were confident their capital was safe and didn't want it looking like it was under martial law, a Laotian official said. 
 A total of 115 whales and dolphins died after swimming onto beaches on two southern Australian islands, authorities said Tuesday as the search continued for more pods in danger. 
 PHNOM PENH, Cambodia _ The Cambodian government must make real progress to clean up rampant corruption that fills the pockets of the rich at the expense of the poor, human rights advocates demanded Tuesday. 
 In a highly awaited report spawned by the deep divide over the war in Iraq, an international panel has made over 100 recommendations on how to deal with global threats in the 21st century, including the use of preemptive strikes and the expansion of the U.N. Security Council, according to highlights obtained by The Associated Press. 
 Early 20th century Chinese writer Lu Xun dedicated himself to the revival of the nation. His descendants, however, say his name and image belong to them. 
 Fueled by fierce fighting in Fallujah and insurgents' counterattacks elsewhere in Iraq, the U.S. military death toll for November is approaching the highest for any month of the war. 
 Japan's Cabinet is likely to decide next week whether to extend its humanitarian mission in Iraq, the foreign minister said Tuesday, amid expectations that Tokyo's troops will remain in the country for another year. 
 Australia's finance minister welcomed signs Tuesday that the country's economy was slowing to a more sustainable pace, but also warned of tough economic times ahead. 
 The newly-created oil unit of Russian gas monopoly OAO Gazprom, Gazpromneft, will take part in the auction of the embattled Yukos oil company's largest unit, Yuganskneftegaz, Dow Jones NewsWires reported Tuesday, citing the news agency Prime-Tass. 
 Coach Bob Woolmer is tipping Pakistan's top batsmen to play the tour-opening match against a Western Australia 2nd XI in Perth starting Wednesday in a bid to acclimatize quickly to Australian conditions. 
 Malaysia will outlaw all begging after discovering that some vagrants continued to panhandle despite having thousands of ringgit stashed away, thanks to donations from a generous public, news reports said Tuesday. 
 Thousands of Buddhist pilgrims trekked to a temple in the southern republic of Kalmykia on Tuesday to join prayers led by the Dalai Lama, on his first visit to Russia after years of being denied entry out of Moscow's concerns for its close ties with Beijing. 
 Suspected militants fatally shot an Islamic school teacher and wounded two people in separate attacks Tuesday in Thailand's Muslim-majority south, where a simmering insurgency has claimed hundreds of lives this year. 
 Baked chicken catered by a well-known polygamist should be boycotted at an Islamic conference being held in Indonesia, a former president's wife said Tuesday. 
 Pakistan's prime minister said Tuesday he wants better relations with other Asian countries, including rival India, but also urged a resolution of the two nuclear-armed nations' dispute over the Himalayan territory of Kashmir. 
 A small bomb exploded outside a travel agency in this Mediterranean island's breakaway Turkish Cypriot north, causing damage but no injuries, Turkey's Anatolia news agency reported Tuesday. 
 Japan and South Korea joined the rush to court Southeast Asia, agreeing Tuesday to launch free trade talks with the region's leaders hours after they clinched a momentous open-market deal with booming China. 
 Australia will open its 2005 rugby season against Samoa in Sydney on June 11 and has included a one-off test against Japan in Tokyo in September. 
 Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has approached the opposition Labor Party with a tentative offer to join his shaky coalition, in hopes of avoiding early elections and saving his Gaza withdrawal plan, Labor officials said Tuesday. 
 Australia is joining with seven faith-based agencies to combat an HIV/AIDS epidemic in the troubled half-island nation of Papua New Guinea, aid workers said Tuesday. 
 An atomic icebreaker that has been under construction for 15 years caught fire Tuesday at the Baltiysky shipbuilding plant in the northern Russian port of St. Petersburg. No casualties were reported. 
 Gold bullion opened Tuesday at a bid price of US$450.90 a troy ounce, down from US$453.10 late Monday. 
 Prosecutors in the trial of alleged Indonesian terror chief Abu Bakar Bashir suffered a setback Tuesday, when a key witness failed to link the radical cleric to any crimes. 
 Ukraine's Supreme Court began its second day of hearings Tuesday on an opposition appeal against the bitterly disputed presidential runoff. 
 Pakistan's acting president signed legislation Tuesday that will allow Gen. Pervez Musharraf to remain as both head of the state and army chief beyond Dec. 31, a senior Cabinet Minister said. 
 Drivers in a road rally that meandered from India through Southeast Asia to promote the region's byways for travel and freight crossed Tuesday into Laos, where regional leaders planned to greet them and send them on to Indonesia. 
 Italy faced a standstill Tuesday due to a general strike against government economic policy and budget plans, with offices and transport grinding to a halt across the country. 
 Large street protests by Islamic groups against women wearing bathing suits have shut down a female swimming competition in eastern Bangladesh, organizers said Tuesday. 
 The communist government of Laos has formally freed two dissidents jailed 14 years ago, but has kept them in a hospital for treatment until their actual release later this week, a government spokesman said Tuesday. 
 Crude oil futures hovered near U$50 a barrel Tuesday ahead of key weekly U.S. petroleum inventory data, which traders expect to show a rise in distillate stocks for a second straight week. 
 Ukraine's Supreme Court met again Tuesday to probe the validity of the bitterly disputed presidential runoff amid rising support for the opposition-demanded revote as a way to avoid splitting this ex-Soviet republic and plunging it further into crisis. 
 Crude oil futures prices fell Tuesday as concerns about reduced output in the North Sea were offset by expectations that an upcoming government report would show rising inventories of heating oil. 
 A Haitian priest known for his support of ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide was freed from jail after being held for nearly seven weeks on suspicion of links to violence. 
 Diamonds are forever. And for restitution, too. 
 Peter Nicol of England beat Jonathon Power of Canada 7-11, 11-8, 11-5, 11-4 in the latest installment of squash's biggest rivalry, in the second round of the World Open on Tuesday. 
 Economic growth in Latin America and the Caribbean helped lift an estimated 2 million people out of poverty in 2004, a United Nations regional commission reported Tuesday. 
 Three-time Japan Series champion Daiei Hawks will be sold by troubled retailer Daiei Inc. to Japanese Internet service provider Softbank Corp. for 5 billion yen (US$48.5 million; euro36.61 million), becoming the second Net company to buy into Japan's professional baseball league this year. 
 A Palestinian who was filmed playing his violin in front of troops at a West Bank roadblock was not forced to do so by the soldiers, the military said Tuesday, but the musician insisted he was. 
 The University of Notre Dame fired football coach Tyrone Willingham on Tuesday after three seasons in which he failed to restore one of the United States' most storied sports teams to prominence. 
 The dollar managed a modest recovery from a new all-time low versus the euro Tuesday, with profit taking ameliorating the effect of remarks from the European Central Bank's top official. 
 A Guyana High Court judge said he would rule Thursday on whether or not to dismiss a treason charge against a former television talk show host. 
 Syria signed a US$22 million (euro16.5 million) contract Tuesday with a Canadian company for oil development and production. 
 Women who take tamoxifen to combat breast cancer have about the same benefits and risks whether they are black or white, according to a U.S. study on the effects of the cancer drug. 
 Gunmen shot and killed a senior official from the mainstream Palestinian Fatah party Tuesday in the Balata refugee camp, party officials said. 
 Gold futures slipped more than $2.50 an ounce Tuesday from a 16-year high after upbeat economic data and a brief short-covering rally by the dollar versus the euro. 
 A former U.S. ambassador said Tuesday "Russia has regressed in terms of democracy" under President Vladimir Putin. 
 Two-time Olympic tennis champion Nicolas Massu of Chile underwent successful hernia surgery Tuesday and will be inactive for several days. 
 Splurging shoppers helped the U.S. economy hum along faster than first thought in the third quarter, but high energy prices could weigh on consumers in the months ahead. 
 Frank Lampard scored the winner with two minutes left as Chelsea beat Fulham 2-1 to reach the League Cup semifinals on Tuesday. 
 The Utah Jazz placed Russian forward Andrei Kirilenko on the injured list Tuesday with a knee injury and activated rookie forward Kris Humphries. 
 Stocks sagged Tuesday as sliding consumer confidence trumped the latest report on the U.S. gross domestic product, which grew at a faster pace than expected. Still, the major indexes ended November with their best monthly performance for the year. 
 Standard & Poor's Ratings Services has lowered its ratings on transportation manufacturer Bombardier Inc. and its subsidiaries to "below investment grade," or junk status, following a similar move by Moody's earlier this month. 
 Royal Bank reported a sharp drop in quarterly profits Tuesday as Canada's largest bank restructured its operations and eliminated 1,660 jobs. 
 A federal appeals court has ruled that Boston's mass-transit agency violated free-speech rights by refusing to display advertisements from a group that wants to legalize marijuana. 
 The owner of the professional basketball team the Dallas Mavericks says he plans to start a hedge fund, run by professional gamblers, to make bets on sporting events. 
 Britain's top law enforcement official, in political trouble over allegations he used his influence to aid a woman with whom he was romantically involved, said Tuesday he would repay the cost of a government-issued train voucher he gave her. 
 Next year's federal budget _ and the government's detailed critique of the document _ arrived in Congress on Tuesday, after President Vicente Fox sent the plan back for major revisions. 
 Canada's economic growth fell below expectations in the third quarter and slowed to a halt during September, raising doubts that the Bank of Canada will continue increasing interest rates. 
 For the second time in a week, election officials on Tuesday suspended a recount of Puerto Rico's disputed Nov. 2 gubernatorial elections after new disagreements arose on how to count certain votes. 
 At least 100 Delta Air Lines Inc. pilots are expected to retire effective Wednesday, the start date for a 32.5-percent pay cut agreed upon in a $1 billion (euro750 million) concessions package aimed at saving the nation's third largest air carrier from bankruptcy. 
 U.S. and Iranian officials have signed an agreement to share library materials, giving scholars in America their first access to such items from Iran since Islamic militants took over the U.S. Embassy there in 1979. 
 It is the largest field of the year, the longest tournament of the year and features the smallest purse. 
 President George W. Bush urged a return to negotiations to settle the impasse over Ukraine's disputed election and asked all sides Tuesday to resolve the situation without violence. 
 General Motors Corp. will lay off most of the more than 1,000 workers at a New Jersey assembly plant early next year, months ahead of its original plans to stop making two vehicles there, a company spokesman said Tuesday. 
 Google Inc. said it will start its repurchase offer Tuesday for the 23.4 million shares and additional options the Internet-search company may have issued improperly. 
 Cingular Wireless LLC will begin deploying a speedier wireless Internet service next year, a move made possible by the network capacity gained with the recent acquisition of AT&T Wireless as Cingular tries to catch up with to catch up with rivals led by Verizon Wireless. 
 Paralympic powerlifter Darrell Tyrone Banks was suspended for two years on Tuesday by the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency after testing positive for steroids. 
 A crowd applauded and sang hymns Tuesday as they celebrated the release from jail of a Haitian priest known for his loyalty to ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide. 
 Pfizer's Celebrex gained a majority of sales for new-generation painkillers in the month after Merck and Co. yanked Vioxx due to safety concerns, according to IMS Health, a U.S. pharmaceutical information company. 
 Former members of the Sept. 11 commission met Tuesday with Vice President Dick Cheney, and President George W. Bush planned talks with leaders of Congress in an attempt to gain passage for an intelligence reorganization bill this year. 
 A man accused of taking orders to kill Afghanis who supported U.S. forces was among three prisoners who went before military review tribunals Tuesday in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, an official said. 
 Peter Forsberg had two goals to lead Modo past defending champion HV71 3-1 Tuesday night in the Swedish Elite League. 
 Peter Forsberg had two goals to lead Modo past defending champion HV71 3-1 Tuesday night in the Swedish Elite League. 
 Claiming they were deceived about attending a women's school, two students are suing to prevent the school from admitting men until after this year's freshman class graduates. 
 Setting the stage for a U.N. summit to tackle global threats in the 21st century, an international panel said Tuesday the United Nations must approve any preemptive or preventive military strike. 
 Phone carrier Telefonos de Mexico SA, or Telmex, plans to invest US$2.05 billion (euro1.59 billion) next year to expand and update its network in Mexico, chief executive Jaime Chico said Tuesday. 
 An Argentine warship inadvertently fired on a Brazilian frigate during joint naval exercises in the Atlantic Ocean, injuring five people, officials said Tuesday. 
 Austria's Brigitte Obermoser posted the fastest time in a women's World Cup downhill training run Tuesday while world champion Melanie Turgeon of Canada finished in the top 10 in her first official outing since injuring her back more than a year ago. 
 Hoping to salvage some lost pension money, the trustee representing employee pension funds at United Airlines sought a court order Tuesday that the carrier be required to make up hundreds of millions of dollars in skipped contributions before exiting bankruptcy. 
 South Korea's president arrived Tuesday on a state visit to Britain, where he will be feted by Queen Elizabeth II and will meet Prime Minister Tony Blair to discuss the nuclear standoff with North Korea. 
 Syneron Medical Ltd. stock fell Tuesday after the U.S. Food and Drug Administration delayed approval of the medical device maker's cellulite product. 
 Fox Latin America Channels is moving its sales headquarters to Mexico City from Los Angeles as part of an effort to expand the programming distributor's reach in the region. 
 Tom Hanks will reunite with director Ron Howard to star in "The Da Vinci Code," the film adaptation of Dan Brown's best seller dissecting the origins of Christianity. 
 H.J. Heinz Co. is considering bringing home up to $1 billion (euro750 million) in foreign profits at reduced tax rates under recent federal legislation, the company said Tuesday. 
 Pharmaceutical giant Pfizer Inc. reiterated Tuesday it would meet its 2004 earnings target but said over the next three years it would lose $14 billion (euro10.5 billion) in revenues because of patent expirations. 
 A quarter of the 108 New Zealanders diagnosed as being HIV positive so far in 2004 are women and children, latest national figures revealed Wednesday, but an analyst said the country had avoided AIDS becoming an epidemic among heterosexuals. 
 Mexican stocks closed lower Tuesday amid downward pressure from U.S. equities. 
 Insurance giant American International Group Inc., which is paying $126 million (euro95 million) to settle federal authorities' allegations of aiding accounting fraud by other companies, has accepted an independent monitor but will avoid criminal prosecution. 
